Heehee! You like? ;)
lol
Now *that's* something that's only for me to know. ;)
I'll make it a little easier- I do like in NW Ohio.
err-
like = live
There are wild parties everywhere, you just need to know the right people and know the right places. ;)
I'm not quite sure what you mean. :"> I didn't get out of bed that long ago and my brain's still a little groggy
lol
I'm just a generally cheerful, innocent person. 0:) lol
Heehee! Cheerful, innocent young woman taken advantage of? ;)
lol, the webpage isn't enough? :p
Hmm.... Sounds interesting. :) Requires another woman, though, and it's always hard to keep everyone there for a threesome.
Oh, come on now! A fantasy that much fun needs to have two women playing along. :D
Yeah, I suppose I could use some. lol :">
Well, in that situation, you'd say. ;)
lol
lol, I dunno... I think I can handle it!
0:)
lol, Could be, could be. :p
Sounds exciting. ;)
Isn't that the point? ;) lol
:p
Hmm, I love to do stuff, but if it's your fantasy, it's all up to you. :x
*nods*
;)
My hair in RL is about shoulder-length, pretty straight, and brunette. ;)
;)
It's about what you described
Just a tad longer than my shoulders. :)
I lean up against you (What clothes am I wearing for you?)
Ok, I'm wearing tight, relatively low blue jeans, matching sheer black thong and low-cut bra, and a spaghetti-strap shirt
I look at you, wondering what's going to happen
He can if he likes.
I smile softly and nod
;)
I'm in the bedroom, waiting, and smile at you two when you waln in
walk
I yelp quietly when I feel the shock
Hey.. I thought you said-
My eyes get wider and I stop talking, realizing that he may shock me again
I look at you and your girl, then back at him.
Eep!
I take off my shirt, glaring at him
Trying to make the strip as non-sensual as possible
I then unfasten my jeans and lean over, pushing them down off my legs
I step out of my jeans and sit on the bed, now just wearing my black thong and matching bra
I eye you, your girl, and him, growling ever-so-quietly in the back of my throat when my eyes settle on his face
I reach up to the collar and start trying to take it off
I can't take off the collar, it's somehow locked around my neck
"Fuck you, asshole!" I shout at him. "I was willing to fuck you! Isn't that enough? You have to drag these two poor people in here too?"
The shock causes a small spasm in my back, getting stronger. I lick my lips and just continue to glare at him.
I reach behind myself and unclasp my bra, letting it fall from my chest, trying to avoid the inevitable shock that would be forthcoming.
I slip my panties down and kick them off across the room, taking care to keep my legs closed
I sit with my arms crossed across my chest
I stand up off the bed and turn to face it, my back towards you three.
Keeping my feet together, I lean forward and lean on my hands on the bed
I spread my legs apart, angry but having to submit
(Totally up to you. :) )
I lean down further, on my elbows now, so I can look between my legs at what he's doing
I hear the zipper
I feel myself getting excited in spite of myself, the presence of such a strong man beginning to have an almost intoxicating effect on me.
Combined with the mild buzz I had from the drinks earlier, I'm still angry but the fact that people are watching this man prepare to take me causes my nipples to grow hard in spite of my anger
I wait for him, breathing deeply, the situation beyond my control.
I watch you walk up, another well-built man, definitely more attractive than he is.
I suddenly realize that you're the strong guy I was trying to get to pay attention to me before I came in here, teasing you with while you were talking to your girl
I then realize that I'm fully exposed to you, your hand rubbing his cock against my pussy before it slips in to my wetness.
I moan quietly with pleasure when your hand accidentally rubs against my clit, watching you lustfully as he impales me on his cock
mmmmm....
I begin to moan as he pumps me now, filling me up
I watch you inching over to your girl and I admire both of your bodies, thinking how lucky you two are to have eachother as he pushes into me once again
I understand how wet I am because I know that she's watching us fuck as you approach her, and then I understand that I enjoy it.
I enjoy being fucked by strong men, and I enjoy being watched while I do it.
I moan louder now, the understanding letting me enjoy him as well
I try to make eye-contact with you or your girl between my legs every time his pump moves his leg enough to allow line-of-sight between us
I moan more, groaning in pleasure at his long, hot, strong cock
I see the contact our eyes make with eachother and a I smile, knowing that you've seen my pleasure
Fuck him, girl- mmmmmmmmm- let him fuck you! Ohhh, mmmmeaahhhhh.... I want you two to fuck eachother while waa- ah-ah- ahhhnnnnngg, watching me!
I moan
Ooooh, gawwwwd, let them fuck, man!
I start pumping back against his slams, fucking him back
Trying to please him enough to let you two enjoy eachother
I throw my head back to yelp in ecstasy on one really deep slam, my hair flying back before it falls around my head again
Mmmmm!
I continue fucking back against him, flexing my pussy muscles with his cumming cock inside me, milking him
Yes, oh yes! Cumming inside me!!
I stay in the same position, breathing deeply, my eyes closed
I can feel the hot drips of cum on my ass as some of his cum starts dribbling out of my slit
My pussy muscles are still flexing, still hot
I moan quietly in anticipation
I open my eyes again when I feel her lips on mine and I moan quietly again, with pleasure.
I quietly whisper, "Mmmm, what's your name, girl?"
I'm Sarah, Alicia...
I move my hips slowly in time with her licking, trying to make it easier for her, realizing that she's probably never done this before.
I moan again when he says that
Finger my clit, Alicia.... Finger me while you're cleaning me out... I'm close after him fucking me...
mmmm
Oooh, Alicia... you're doing so welll....
aaahhhh....
I try to grab his cock and play with it as she licks me clean, but I miss twice because of her cleansing causing my entire body to spasm
My breath catches in my throat as I begin to reach the edge, Alicia's tongue working magic on me
Alicia, oh yess! Alicia, I'm so close!
My pussy is spasming around her tongue, I realize that she can probably tell I'm close without me telling her
Her tongue flicking inside me, cleaning his cum.
I begin to instinctually fuck her tongue, pressing my hips against her face
mmmmmmMMmmmmaahhhhhhlicciiiaaaaaaaa!!
I cry out in ecstasy, feeling my own orgasmic cum starting to pour out over her tongue and onto her face
My eyes are closed, my neck and backed arched in ecstasy
I feel the hot hard shaft in my hand and squeeze it, hard, and without any concious thought I dive down on it, sucking for all I'm worth
My cheeks cave in around your shaft, I feel the inside of my cheek pressed against your shaft
My body continues to spasm, I'm no longer sure if Alicia is still trying to clean me out, or just enjoys what she's doing
I grab your sac and squeeze it once, feeling how firm and hard your balls are, before treating them more gently again
I'm not sure what to do, I'm so horny and desperate, but I don't know if you want to do this too.
I continue sucking, trying to do it cautiously but too caught up in the ecstasy of Alicia's continued tonguing and fingering to be very successful
I feel Alicia get pulled away and I try to slow down, try to take it easy.
I fail, now explicitly aware of my cum having poured out and soaking not only Alicia, but my inner thighs as well.
I want to taste your cum
I caress your balls, tickling them with one fingernail
I start playing with your cockhead, tasting it, closing my lips around only it
I suck it like a lollipop, trying to pull your cum
I circle it with my tongue as my second hand moves around behind your ass to start fingering you
I pull off your cock and look up at you, still fingering your ass with one fingernail
He told me to suck you...
... and I saw the way you were watching me- isn't this what you wanted?
I lick up and down your shaft, like a cob of corn
Lightly nibbling, but this time leaving your cockhead alone
I move the hand from your ass to your shaft and start stroking you as I move my body up slightly to look at your face.
Are you worried about your girl, Alicia?
I lick your chest, the delicate nipple on your strong pec
It felt to me like she enjoyed it.
She'll be a different woman when they're done, and I think you'll like the change...
I nibble your nipple this time, lightly biting your chest
She sure enjoyed being between my legs
I start licking back down your body toward your cock
I slick my forefinger in your oozing precum and lick it, looking up at you and smiling, hungry
I stop for a second, realizing that I'd completely forgotten about the collar, then I smile up at you.
You're right, there's no reason for the collar anymore. I love this.
I suck one of your balls into my mouth and roll it around with my tongue, squeezing your shaft
I don't care if it's off or on anymore... I'll do whatever He tells me to do.
I feel a particular release when I speak that with the H, realizing that He's won.
But He did say I had to suck you, so that's what I'm going to do. What's your name?
Frank... Whether or not you cum is up to you, that strength is yours. I have to suck you... I want to suck you...
And with that, I start flicking my tongue around your cockhead again, licking off the precum that was oozing
I close my lips around your shaft, humming into your shaft, vibrating as I slowly move my head forward and swallow your entire length down.
Once I have your shaft deep in my throat I begin to swallow, stroking your shaft with the muscles in my throat
I fondle your balls, tickling them lightly with my fingernail before pulling myself back off again
I pull off again and slowly slide my body back up yours to whisper quietly into your ear
Of course, if you were to cum deep inside my throat, I might tell him, or I might not...
I slide down, pressing my breasts against you, until I again reach your cock and start sucking you
tasting you
I swallow you down again, slowly, deeply, in a vacuum which expands the size of your massive cock even more
Deep in my throat, I feel your cock pressing against the walls
I rub my tongue around your shaft as much as I can, difficult when you're so big
I squeeze your right ball, again amazed by how hard, firm it is
I reach my other hand around, breathing around your shaft, and slip my pinky into your ass
again continuing to try to swallow you, instead treating your cock with my throat just how my pussy muscles would treat it
I feel my own juices dripping
I moan deeply, trying to raise my eyes to look you in the face
Your massive cock deep in my mouth
I slip my finger into your ass a little further and bring my other hand to my chest where I start to play with my nipples and fondle my breasts for you, putting on a show
I bite down ever-so-lightly on your shaft, letting you know what I want
I suddenly redouble my efforts, trying to suck you dry while keeping your cock hard
For your sake, understanding that I need to swallow it all, deep and delicious
Once the stream of hot cum slowly abates I begin to pull out a bit and work your softening cock around with my tongue, trying to keep it hard
Make you hard
I pull my hand from my own chest back to your balls where I drag my fingernail along your still-firm, throbbing sac
I nod, smiling around your shaft, before again sucking on your cock, feeling it try to grow hard again.
I want to make you hard again so that He won't be able to think that you came and became soft again.
I pull my pinky out of your ass and jab my forefinger into it
He told me to suck you, I love sucking you, and I'm very, very excited.
I wink and stroke your shaft, now feeling pretty hard again.
I look back at you, smiling
I look over at Alicia, wondering what I'll see, as I stroke your shaft and teasingly lick your cockhead while my finger tenderly moves in and out of your ass.