You see me sitting on my desk, leaning back with my legs spread and my eyes closed while I quietly moan. My shoulder-length brunette hair flies back as I gasp and toss my head to the side when the man with his hand inside my thong presses his finger on my clit- the man's the phys. ed. teacher. My knee-length skirt is rolled up on my thighs as he holds the back of my neck, kissing the side of my face. The top two buttons of my blouse are unfastened, revealing my lacy, white bra. I don't wear nylons because I've been visiting a tanning salon all winter and would rather not cover my legs. My heels are on the floor under my desk.
(Sorry, that took a while. ;) )
[I'm 22 years old, this is my first teaching job.]
I feel myself pushing papers and pens of my desk as my hands slide around. I try to stay quiet, knowing that the school isn't necessarily empty.
My pencil holder clatters to the floor as he slams into me the first time
I feel a small drop of saliva dripping from the corner of my mouth as he continues to pump in and out
I feel him slow down and put the hand he was fingering me with over my mouth. I open my eyes and see him smiling at me and bring his other hand up to his mouth with his index finger extended, winking as he "ssshhhhhhh"'s me.
I blush, knowing that I must have been moaning too loud.
I lick the hand he has over my mouth, then kiss it, smiling back and nodding
When I get my e-mail from my home computer before going to bed with my husband, I almost yelp with surprise at what you send me. I quickly check over my shoulder to make sure my husband's not in the room and re-read the message, cursing to myself. I delete the e-mail from my computer after watching the clip and go to my room, taking out my crotchless thong, garter, and some thigh-high nylons. I also take out the short, black skirt that my husband bought for me on his last birthday and I find an old blouse that I wore a few years ago when I first started college, knowing that my figure's filled out since this thing fit me.
I find a black bra and take all the clothing and hide it under some blankets in a corner, knowing that it's been months since my husband last helped clean anything.
The next morning I get up and act normal around him until he leaves, dressing normally.
Then, once he's gone, I quickly go to the blankets, switch the clothes, put on some high heels, and drive to school.