kisses dazed and snow_girl
Welcome to my shower.
introduces herself:
My name's Sarah. Easier to type than urgrl.
hugs Jan and Alexis, one in each arm, and grins
Unfastens Jan's pants as Alexis works on her shirt.
rubs the outside of Jan's thighs as she pulls her legwear down and rubs the inside of Jan's thighs as she brings her hand back up to Jan's underwear.
smells Jan's panties and sighs happily
arts her tongue out to firmly lick the moist area of Jan's panties.
darts
slips one finger underneath Jan's panties, peeling them away from her moist slit, and then lightly fingers Jan's lips...
reaches her other hand around to Jan's back and starts squeezing and kneading her beautiful ass.
slips another finger underneath Jan's panties, fingering her lips more insistently, massaging them.
starts kissing Jan through her panties as she reaches her hand from Jan's ass to start pulling down Jan's panties.
I can feel it...
starts to slowly tease Jan's panties over her hips and down her legs
starts licking Jan's bare mound, occasionally flicking her tongue over Jan's clit.
rubs Jan's juices all over her thighs and body
I dunno...
(she's offline)
start slowly standing up, rubbing her clothed breasts against your bare breasts.
I guess we have to make up for it, huh.
licks your body as she slowly stands, drawing a line of saliva mixed with your juices up the length of your body.
kisses you lightly, then deeper, trying to taste your tonsils.
presses her hips forward, against your hips, trying to feel your smooth, beautiful body.
holds one hand behind your head to hold you for the kiss as she slips her other hand down to unfasten her pants.
sighs as you hold her breast
giggles and moans simultaneously as you play with her nipples, enjoying it almost too much.
sways her hips back and forth against your hips as she tries to wriggle her tight jeans down her legs.
I slip my hand down my body and pull my panties down.
looks around and notices that there are exactly two piles of clothing on the floor and two beautiful, naked women standing in the room next to the shower.
giggles
So, are we ready for our shower now?
gasps happily as you flick her clit.
reaches down, grasps your hand, and pulls you into the shower with her.
maneuvers to stand behind you with a sly grin after breaking away from the erotic embrace.
graps the shampoo and squirts some out on her hands, which she then starts to rub through your hair.
Y'know, when I take a shower, this isn't the only patch of hair I wash. How about you?
slips her hands down to your shoulders and starts rubbing and massaging you with the shampoo suds.
I trim it, but I do shampoo it.
slowly runs her sud-filled hands down the back of your shoulders, under your arms, over your breasts, down your stomach, and to your trimmed pubic hair.
starts massaging where she shampoos, trying to relax your entire body through this sensitive part.
rubs her hips against your ass as she enjoys the sensation of such a smooth, beautiful bum.
slips her hands further down and between your legs, starting to finger your clit and slit.
whispers happily, "This is the most important part..."
kisses the back of your neck and presses her breasts against your back as she continues to grind her hips into you, rubbing your smooth bum against her mound.
slowly slips one finger into your slit, then another joins it, as they start to wriggle and explore your pussy.
whispers quietly, conspiratorially, "I'm ready to go to an orgasm if you are..."
slips a third finger in and moves aroun to your front to give you easier access.
lifts one legs and holds it to a wall, exposing herself fully.
pulls you down to the floor of the shower and maneuvers into a 69.
I'm close, so close....
starts to lick your swollen outer lips and finger your clit.
inserts two fingers into your pussy, then three, and beelines for your g-spot, hitting it fast and hard.
feels your head squeezed between her legs.
Ooohh!
sucks on your clit hard as you cum in her face.
Ooooohhhh! I'm cumming toooo!
feels her own orgasm triggered by the juices flowing from you.
Yeaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!
slows down to try to catch her breath...
It sure was.
I'm beat tho'. After dazed and you, wow.....
Thanks, you are superb yourself!
tenderly licks your nose
Yeah.
How do you mean? In RL? No...
You there?