I sigh dejectedly as I place a "Be Back Soon" sign on the front desk and begin walking upstairs. I find myself wondering what nonsense the maids pulled this time. Last time they'd left a used condom under the pillowcase for some god-forsaken reason, and that was more embarassment than I liked to deal with. I step into the elevator and press the button for your floor. I lean against the elevator's walls and catch myself yawning. I think to myself that I always get up too early for the hours that I keep on this job. As I step off the elevator I remember that the room I gave you was on the first floor. I shake my head quickly, trying to focus a bit, and I step back into the elevator to return to the lobby floor.
This time I'm a little more alert as I step out of the elevator and walk to your door, confidently knocking and putting on my "smile" face for the customer.
"Thank you sir, may I ask what the problem is?" I step into the room.
I nod, pretending to care and playing the appropriately aghast emotions across my face, as you mention the remote and the towels. I cringe internally when you mention the bed and I find myself praying that it's not another condom this time as I step further into the room to look where you're pointing.
"Oh, dear..." I sigh when I see the balled up thong and stains on the unkempt sheets. "Of course, sir, I understand completely. I assure you that I'll have a word with the hotel staff when they come in in the morning, this is just inexcusable." I reach out and pick the thong up between my forefinger and thumb, holding it at arm's length for a moment before dropping it back onto the bed. "If you haven't yet unpacked, sir, I'd be happy to put you up in a different room."
I nod and paste my smile back on, "Of course, sir, that'd be fine. I'll return momentarily." I snatch up the remote control and go into the bathroom to pick up the wet towels. I have a hard time holding onto them all at once, and I end up holding them against my chest to carry them. I set the remote on top and walk out of the room towards the closest closet with a laundry bin and fresh equipment. I drop the wet towels into the bin, only to realize that they were wetter than I thought and have moistened my clothing pretty significantly as well. I growl to myself, knowing that my white bra is now much more visible under the blouse than I wanted it to be, but resigned to doing my duty. I snatch a spare remote from the top shelf after grabbing fresh towels and sheets.
I walk back to your room, the towels pressed against me this time in an attempt to dry my clothing somewhat before seeing you again. When I reach your room, I set the bedding down on a clear space near the TV and take the towels into the bathroom and set them up properly. Those damn maids, I got myself promoted so that I wouldn't have to do this work! I straighten the towels with a deft, expert hand and return to the room. "Ok, let's get this bedding off," I say, positioning myself to one side of the bed.
(That took an awfully long time to type. ;p)
I start stripping the sheets off the bed when I realize that you're not going to help me take them off. First one side, then I walk around to other and strip them off too. I roll the dirty bedding off the bed and onto a pile on the floor, then reach over to grab the fresh bedding and lie it down on top of the bed.
I start tucking sheets in, then blankets, clearly experienced in this sort of thing, when I feel your eyes on me and realize that you're too busy ogling my still clearly-visible bra through my wet, white blouse. I sigh to myself, par for the course, and pull the pillow cases off the pillows. I toss the used cases onto the pile of bedding and, holding the pillows between my chin and chest, I drop them into the fresh cases. I'm growing more and more conscious of your eyes on my body when I realize that the thong wasn't on the bedding when I came back. I start looking around for it, not wanting to mix it with the bedding in the laundry for fear that the red dye will run and ruin the white sheets.
"Did you move the thong when I was getting the bedding?" I ask as I cast about with my eyes, avoiding yours.
I feel myself growing a little nervous as you walk over to stand next to me. I take a half step back, feigning to look at the bedside table, "May I ask where it is? The previous customer may call to have it returned." I say, but my voice cracks when I say "returned," betraying the tension that I'm feeling at your proximity.
I walk over to the dresser and bend down to open the bottom drawer. I feel myself flushing a bit and decide to lie, "Thank you, sir, but no, I'm not single. I'm ma- I mean, dating a bodybuilder." I catch myself before I finish the word married when I realize that I'm not wearing any sort of wedding band. I open the drawer.
I'm growing very nervous again at your proximity and I fumble with my hand in the drawer, not really feeling anything and certainly not finding the thong. "I appreciate your concern, sir, but I really fail to see the value of this topic." I'm praying that I happen to feel the thong soon so that I can stand up again, but this prayer isn't being answered very quickly
"S- Sir!" I exclaim, "Please, what are you doing?!" I lose my balance when I see your clear bulge and I fall back into you, with the soiled thong that I grabbed in the last instant. The drawer slams shut when I throw an arm into it as I try to regain my balance, but I fail and end up sitting on your foot with the thong in my right hand.
I start to scramble to my feet, "Y- Yes, I'm fine, I'm fine, thank you..."
"Please, sir," I'm whispering, though I'm not sure why, "what are you doing?" I can feel your obvious desire pressing against me, but I'm not sure how to react.
I widen my eyes and gulp as I feel the heat where you've placed my hand. All ambiguity in the situation has fled, "Sir?" I whisper. I'm so nervous, but then the feeling of a hard cock lying underneath my hand... Last time I felt this was two months ago, just before I broke up with my last boyfriend, and it feels so good to have a hot, hard piece of meat inside my hand again. I let the soiled thong fall from my fingers to the floor as I grasp your shaft inside your sweats and squeeze. "Sir..."
I open my mouth and let you into it, inviting your tongue with my own at the entrance. I taste your saliva and your hot, spicy breath in my mouth. I begin to slowly caress your shaft inside your sweats and I bring my own right hand around your back to begin petting it.
I'm wearing a pair of lacy white panties underneath the skirt, the matching pair to my bra. I step out of my skirt and kick it away, then begin to press my hips against you. I slide my hand on your back down the back of your sweatpants and push them down, lifting them over your shaft with my hand that's caressing it. My eyes remain closed in our kiss, but I feel your increased pulse of heat through your shaft where it rests in my sensitive palm.
Once you set me on the bed and break away from the kiss to stand, I shrug my hotel-mandated jacket off so that I'm wearing only my blouse over my bra. I toss the jacket over the side of the bed and lie back on it, my legs spread on the edge of the bed, to look up at you. I gesture at the jacket lying on the floor with my nametag still attached. "My name's Sarah," I say. I unbutton the top button of my blouse. "This is-- unexpected, but ultimately not unwelcome." I smile shyly.
I lick my lips in anticipation when you kneel between my legs. I slide my hands down my sides, over my stomach, to my mound which I softly begin to rub underneath my panties.
I flex my leg muscles and quietly moan when you nibble my thigh. "Wade," I say, "You've done this before."
I lick my lips and press a little harder on my mound, sliding one finger further down to tap my hood once or twice before sliding that entire hand back out to help your fingers pull down my panties. They roll down over my hand that remains on my mound and I lift my left leg out of them so that you can slide them down off my right leg.
"Is it hard?" I ask, lifting my head to look at your face over my chest and flexing my free hand's fingers.
I lie back on the bed and slowly wrap my legs around your head as you bring it closer to my moist desire.
My entire body is flushed with heat, and I feel my nipples straining against the fabric of the bra. Instinctively, I finish unbuttoning my white blouse to let it fall open around me. I cup my breasts in their bra for a moment, then, moaning your name quietly, "Wade... That feels wonderful..." as you tongue my clit. I feel the nubs in the bra from my aching nipples, and I have to release them. First I try to pull the bra cups down to free me up, but this bra is being uncooperative and isn't letting me. Then I remember which bra I wore this morning and sigh with happy relief. I reach between my breasts and with a quick motion unhook my bra and fold it open.
My nipples stand up straight immediately and I begin to massage them to take the constrained sensation of the bra away.
I compress my body when you slide the first finger into me, then stretch when you slide the second, moaning again for you while you tongue me. I start to lift my head, but then stop and instead just groan, "That's it, Wade, right there!" I can hardly believe what I'm doing. I've only just met you, yet here I lie with you between my legs. And it feels so good! I must have been hungry for some man, I decide, after two months of lonely nights.
"Aahhh, woooww..." I whisper with seductive awe as your warm, wet tongue slides into me. I press my hips against you, encouraging you, letting you know just how much I want what you're giving.
"Wade..." I whisper between quiet moans as your tongue explores me, "you did this on purpose, didn't you? The room, the thong... It wasn't like that, was it-- Aaaahnn!" I gasp suddenly when I feel your nose press briefly against my sensitive clit.
I lick my lips again, tasting my now-smeared lipstick. "Whose thong is it?" I ask, curious and still very clearly aroused. "I'm glad you acted on your desires..."
I feel myself making a silly grin, an unintentional conqueror. "She doesn't know that you use them for that, does she?" I ask with a giggle and another moan as you again press my clit.
"Ah!" I gasp when you bite my thigh, "How do I taste?" I ask unsurely. I flex my pussy as it gains its small reprieve from your tongue.
I squeeze my legs around your head in response, "Thank you so much, Wade..." My sex feels as though it's a river of need, now, dripping with desire.
"AAaaaaahhhhhh!!" I scream as you speak, my hands reflexively grabbing and squeezing my breasts as my legs suddenly unfold around you and stretch to their full extent. My back arches and my toes curl in ecstasy as I do exactly what you ask and explode with an orgasm of cum for you.
My entire body spasms as the orgasm flies from my head to my toes and back to my head again, "Ohhh, Waaade! I needed this for months!" I gasp between grunts of pleasure as I continue cumming.
I continue moaning as the cum starts to trail off and my orgasm slowly subsides. My entire body feels on fire as you roll me over onto my stomach and pull me to the edge of the bed. I'm still catching my breath and unable to speak.
Still unable to speak, I thrust my hips back an inch or two to let you know that I'm willing.
I spread my legs for you willingly when you make your intentions clear with your knees. I turn my head to the side and relax with my hands and arms lying on the bed. I feel something warm and wet dripping down my thigh and imagine it must be your saliva mixed with my own juices.
My mouth opens and my breath catches in a long, silent moan as I feel the hot, hard girth of your shaft sliding in and putting my last boyfriend to shame. I feel tight around you and begin flexing my pussy around you to help you slide in.
"fuck, yes!" I finally manage to choke out around the ecstasy flowing through me. "Fuck me, Wade!"
I press my hips back, hungry for your shaft, your heat, your strength, and your sweet cum inside me. I begin to bounce back and force slowly on your shaft in a gradualy increasing build up.
I grab the bed under my hands and squeeze it, moaning with every slow thrust. My long, straight black hair is splayed out around my head, a mess as I continue moaning. I taste my own hair in my mouth, but am too caught up in the lust flowing from deep within me to notice or care. My nipples are pressing into the bed as I press back against you again, begging you, "Fuck me, gaaaaawwwwd, fuck me, Wade!"
I toss my head in the air, lifting it as I continue screaming for you. I push back into you more insistently, now, more hungrily, building toward a second orgasm. I feel your massive length penetrate me deeply, pressing against and exploring my sex, so much better than my loser boyfriend could. I growl again as you pull out, and turn it into a moan when you press into me again.
"Cum inside me, Wade! Gawwwd, cum inside me!" I scream out as I feel my own orgasm pouring over me
"Fuck me, wade, I want to feel your white hot cream pouring into me!"
"Yess! Oh, yes that's it!"
I Feel you tense and squeeze your shaft inside me one more time, milking your pole for all that I'm worth
I cry out in ecstatic joy as I feel you pouring into me. My body drinks you down, squeezing out every last drop
I take your cum hungrily, desperately, as though my body were parched for this life-giving fluid.
I lie underneath you, my body glistening with sweat, the back of my blouse (which I never took completely off) soaked with our perspiration and the scent of our lovemaking.
I giggle. "Maybe."
(I hate to cut out now, but I really have to go to bed. I need to be up in 4 hours and on the road for a 200 mile trip in 5. G'nite!)