Hey.
Primarily automata/language theory.
Those are pretty fun topics as well. :)
Just dragged my lazy ass out of bed, thought I'd bum around online for a bit before getting to all the other things I ought to do.
Thanks. :) I thought it was pretty cute, myself.
If you want to show me, you may. I never give out a pic of myself, though, so I never ask for one.
Cute pic. :) Looks like a pretty day.
It's hard to pick any one as my favorite. Especially considering how much it depends on my mood. Err- my mom just IM'd me- gimme a bit.
Maybe. Come up with a scene, we'll see if it works. No force/S&M type stuff. :)
Hmmm, number three there is a bit different, that's good. :) How old do you want me to roleplay?
Ok, you want me to be the seductive one, then. No age preference/limits for me? And how old are you roleplaying and what's your name? I'm Sarah.
Ok. :) Ok, just to warn you, early on I like to type a lot so don't panic. I haven't left or quit, I'm just typing. :) Cool?
Ok. :) I'll explain what I'm wearing as we go along.
I start walking toward the steps to the mansion that is my house. I've just come home from school for the day, but it's already 7 o'clock at night and dark outside. I shiver as a cold gust of wind blows by me in the dry, winter outdoor air, so I run the rest of the way up the steps to the door. After school I had cheer practice, and then I went to an aerobic workout with 3 of my friends. My body is tired right now, but feels very limber. I push the door open and step inside. I feel the warmer, humid air from inside wash over me and sigh with relief. My windbreaker wasn't made for weather like that, and I'm kicking myself for not putting on warmer clothes after my workout.
I see you standing on the stairway and smile, waving, "Hi, Kevin!" I close the door behind me and unzip my windbreaker about halfway, enough for you to see that I'm only wearing a sports bra underneath it. I don't know if you can see how hard my nipples are after that cold gust of wind. I walk up to the bottom of the front stairway and set down my bookbag. I then bounce up the stairs to kiss you on youe cheek. "How was your day?" I ask.
"Sure was," I nod, "I'm going upstairs to change. Where are mom and dad?" I turn around to kick off my sneakers-- I hit my bookbag with each one.
(S'ok, I'm still typing. ;) )
"Cool." Is all I say as I bound up the rest of the stairs, two at a time, and run to my room. I close the door behind me, hard enough that I imagine you could hear it shut. Once it's closed I lean against it, breathing. You've always had such an amazing body. I've been fantasizing about you ever since you came to work for us, I really think that the main reason my parents hired you is that mom wanted a cute guy in the house. Dad's rich, but he's not much of a looker. I finish unzipping my windbreaker and toss it over the back of the chair next to my desk. Should I? The way you were ogling me on the staircase, it seems obvious that you want me to. I open my belt and unfasten my jeans. I push them down over my hips and let them fall down my legs.
When the jeans are lying on the floor, I kick them across my room under the desk as well. I look at my cotton panties and ponder for a second, then strip them off as well. I roll them down my legs and toss them under the desk. I walk over to my clothes closet and open it up. I flip through some hangars, no, no, not that one, there!
I pull out a sexy thong and shelf bra that my last boyfriend bought for me. I caress the see-through mesh fabric of the thong between my fingers and smile to myself, perfect! I lay the hangar on my bed and take off the thong. I slide it on, reveling in the sexy feel of the fabric. I love putting these on every time I do it. I take off my socks, then, rolling them down so that the only things I'm wearing are the thong and sports bra. "That won't do," I giggle to myself in mockery of my mother's frequent criticisms of my sexier clothes. I strip off my sports bra. My nipples are no longer hard from the cold wind, but they are still somewhat aroused. I realize it's because of what I've decided to do with you.
I put on the shelf bra next, this bra doesn't have full cups and so I'm able to play with my nipples for a couple seconds before finally taking the plunge. I walk to the bedroom door and lean against it. I call out, "Kevin? Kevin!"
I giggle to myself when I hear you almost running to my door. "Could you please bring up my bookbag and my shoes? I left them downstairs by the stairs." I listen for your feet to walk away from the door.
When I hear you jog away, I giggle again and run over to my discarded clothes by the desk. I leave the windbreaker where it is, but I kick my sports bra and panties further underneath the desk against the wall. This way, the only way to get the clothes out will be on a person's hands and knees, and even then it'll take some time. When I'm finished with that, I go to my bed, toss the hangar over the foot of the bed, and crawl in underneath the covers. I'm sure to cover myself completely so that you won't be able to tell that I'm only wearing a shelf bra and a mesh thong.
"Come on in, Kevin," I say loud enough to be sure you can hear me. I feel my left hand drifting down between my legs under the covers almost involuntarily as I wait for you to open the door.
I smile, a little more sexily than I mean to, "I'll be fine," I say, "Could you set them down over on my desk? Oh, and while you're at it, could you please get my clothes from under the desk? I accidentally kicked 'em down there, and I don't want to have to crawl on my hands and knees to get them out." I wait for you to kneel down, hoping that the clothes are under far enough that I can sneak up behind you when you're getting them out. I grin a little to myself-- if you're like most guys, the fact that it's a pair of panties and a sports bra alone should keep you crouched long enough.
When you turn to the desk, I quickly and silently slip out from under the bed covers. I tip toe up behind you, my bare feet silent on the carpet. I'm behind you, looking at you, and I'm sure I've made the right choice. I lean forward, my hands on the desk, until I'm just above you, mere inches between our bodies. Then I embrace you around your stomach. "Kevin," I say, "I want you." I time my hands with my words so that I start feeling your cock through your pants when I tell you that I want you. "Please... fuck me tonight," I whisper.
I squeeze your cock through your pants firmly, then I stand up behind you. I strike a pose for you with my left hand on my hip and my head cocked sexily. My long, black hair is hanging down, about half in front of my shoulder and half behind my back. I blink my hazel eyes and lick my lips, watching for your reaction.
A man in a uniform, and he's so sexy, and he wants me! I melt in your hands, completely malleable. I've lived this scenario out in fantasies late at night with my hands between my legs so many times, but none of them is half so amazing as the reality of our current situation. I close my eyes, open my lips, and lean in to you. I feel the tips of my hard nipples pressing against the cloth of your suit, the fabric creating just the right amount of friction-- my nipples are itching with desire, they make me want to explode. I lick my lips once more, still open invitingly.
I press myself closer to you, I want to feel our bodies together as one. When you break the kiss, I arch my neck up and to the right to expose my neck, jaw, and ear to your passionate mouth. I barely murmur, enthralled in the moment, "aa-aa-ahh... Kevin... I've wanted this for so long... you're already better than I dreamt possible." I gasp when I feel your mouth sucking my ear and your hands squeezing my ass. "oo-ohh- oh my- mmm!" I moan. I slide my hands down your body to your pants and slip them inside. I work my hands around to the front of your pants. I feel the heat of your desire spreading up and out-- amazing! I unfasten your pants and pull them open.
My hand closes around your cock on base instinct, feeling the strong, hard heat emanating into me. I sigh when it's in my hand. "You're big Kevin," I whisper, "Very big." I feel your kisses traveling down my body slowly, your chin with its slight stubble that's grown since this morning scraping erotically against the smooth flesh of my breast. I embrace you with my left hand, holding your head against my body, as I begin to slowly stroke your shaft with my right hand.
"I can tell," I huskily whisper, "I've never felt such a smooth, hot, naked desire before." I shrug off my bra when you unfasten it, bringing my hands away from your body just long enough to let the bra fall away. "I want to feel it... you... inside me, Kevin. I want you so bad..." The mesh fabric of the thong does little to hide the scent or moisture of my own desire. I'm sure that you can smell my need, and the fabric feels so wet against my skin. I moan again with pleasure as you roll my naked nipples between your fingers.
"Ohhhh, gaawwwwd!" I cry out when I feel your tongue on my nipples, sucking me into your mouth. "Oh, fuck, wow!" I gasp. I squeeze your shaft hard when I feel your teeth brush against my nipple. It's amazing, I can't control my desire. "You- we- must have both known," I'm back to quiet moaning as you continue to lift me up in building ecstasy. "I shaved myself last night before I went to bed." I'm referring to my hairless crotch. My friends saw it in the showers and asked who I'd found. I didn't tell them, but they knew that I was excited all day. I'd been thinking about you since I woke up this morning.
"That's it, baby," I moan as you kneade my breasts. I hope that my 34C breasts are big enough for you, I know some guys like them really big. "It feels amazing..." I push your pants down around your hips to let your cock spring truly free. I pull it against my mound, rubbing lightly on my thong. I begin to pay special attention to your cockhead, fingering it and caressing it with my thumb.
I answer your words by leaning forward, pulling you closer to me with my left hand, and kissing you deeply, sucking your tongue into my mouth hungrily.
I relax in your embrace, slowly collapsing against you, and letting you support me. I shift my weight slowly toward the bed to guide you there without releasing you from the deep, sensual kiss. I moan into your mouth when I feel your fingers running through my hair, reveling in it.
When we flop, the kiss breaks and I listen to you whisper. I respond with a sparkle in my eyes and quick lick on your nose, "Whatever you like, Kevin."
I nod and slowly start to slide down your body. The fabric of your clothes creates an amazingly hot friction between us. I pause briefly with your shaft in the valley of my chest and I wave my breasts around your cock for a few moments. Then I continue sliding down until my head is positioned in front of your shaft.
I start licking you slowly, treating your cockhead like a lollipop, teasingly caressing it with my tongue. Then I close my lips in front of your shaft and slowly part them as I slide your cockhead into my mouth.
My tongue darts around your shaft, licking it, kissing it, wetting it as I slowly suck you down.
When I have a couple inches of you in my mouth I start to suck, caving in my cheeks to your shaft with a vacuum in my mouth.
Alternately, then, I begin to take more of you in, then suck, then more, then suck.
I smile around your shaft at the compliment, then continue until I can't take any more of your length. At that point I begin to move my head back and forth, continuing to suck you as I move you in and out. I begin moaning into your cock, vibrating it with my voice.
I slowly disengage from your shaft, sucking all the way. Then I stand up by the bed and slowly lay down on top of you. "You taste wonderful, Kevin," I say before I kiss you again. I then roll over, taking you with me, so that you're on top of me. I spread my legs under you, then, invitingly.
I slowly caress my body with my hands as you do as well, feeling the heat and desire pouring off of me, "Whatever you'd like, Kevin-- I want what you want..." I close my eyes, smiling, as I let my right hand wander down to my mound and my left remains on my breasts twiddling with my left nipple.
I lift my hips enough for my right hand to push one string of the thong down over them, then I stand up as you motion, in front of you, nude but for the see through mesh over my swollen, sensitive pussy.
I turn around and bend over, putting my hands on the bed. I thrust my hips up and back a bit, trying still to look sexy for you. I spread my legs a bit for your hand inside my thigh. "Like this, Kevin?" I ask, looking back at you.
"Have you seen my vibrator too, when you clean the room?" I ask, "I named him Kevin."
"Aaaaaaaaahhhhhh! Aaaahhhh, aaaoohhhhh, ohhh gawwwd!" I scream, then moan as you slide in and out of me. "You're so much fucking better, Kevin!" I push my hips back against you, my head hanging down when you're nod sliding, thrown back when you move. I gasp for breath during a brief respite with my long hair curtained around my head.
I scream out your name, "Ohhh, Kevinnnn!!! Oh- oh-oh- oh- ah- ah- ahhh! Oh, fuck me, yes!!" My body has taken a mind of its own, slamming back against you, wanting more of you and deeper. I feel my pussy muscles relaxing and contracting around your hot shaft, squeezing you and letting go, again and again.
"That's it, Kevin, I'm so close!" I scream out in my cheerleader voice. I can feel my orgasm coming, 3 pumps left, 2, 1, and I feel my entire body convulse and spasm. My toes splay out and I scream, "Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhnngggg!!" as my body explodes around your deep, penetrating pole. I feel the warmth flow from my pussy around your fast, wet, hard slaps.
Your continued fucking doesn't let my body relax, instead you start building me up for a second one. I feel a sweat break out over my entire body, my throat is raw from my ecstatic screams. "Ohhh, gawwwd, Kevin, what are you doing! oh my- Aaaaahn!" I scream again at a particularly deep thrust. I can feel another orgasm approaching.
"NNnngggyyesss! Yess, here it-" my voice races to a high-pitched scream, "cummmms again!!!" My arms collapse underneath me the sensation is so strong as you bring me to my first multiple orgasm. I've never felt like this. The shock and pleasure turns me into putty, I barely keep my legs underneath me, and only because I've locked my knees. Your hot, long piston is doing more to hold me up than anything else. I see nothing as I go through another orgasm, and I feel only your driving piston and your balls slapping my swollen clit.
My eyes slowly lose the glaze they had since my second orgasm, my hand reflexively milking your hot, soaking cock. My knees slowly slide to the floor so that I kneel next to the bed with my head lying on it as I stroke you. I swallow once, lick my lips, look up at you, and say, "Perfect."
I try to lift myself up off the floor, succeeding only with your help, to sit on the bed next to you.
I answer by leaning against you, relaxing in your embrace, and smiling.
Sure, I had a blast. :)