okay, me and Sarah are in the shower, and I'm currently fucking her with my tongue...
she's moaning loudly
lil_red is gonna play my girlfriend, coming home...
And again, for the record, I'm Andrew
okay
so Jenn, you can be just coming home as we're going at it in the shower
i raise my head and press my lips yours hotly, my tongue searching your mouth as my hands slide up and down your long wet legs
i pull you against me, feeling your hard nipples press deep into my hard chest as my solid cock is squeezed between us
oh, shit...
i look up at you, Sarah naked in my arms and my dick hard as a post
Jenn... hey, baby...
this... this is Sarah, Mike's girlfriend
I realize my arms are still around her and quickly drop them
i stand up, wet and buck naked, my dick still standing straight out
yeah... this is Jenn, my girlfriend.
what-- baby, come on...
i step out of the tub, dripping wet
come on baby, don't be this way... I'm sorry, so sorry...
I turn and look at Sarah, the reason obvious in my mind... I bite my lip and look back at Jenn. "I... I'm so horny baby, I couldn't help it... I missed you too much...."
too distracted in talking to Jenn, I fail to catch the towel...
"I---" I look at both of you
"Well, actually...."
"I... I... was thinking of... shit..."
"I was thinking of both of you...."
i say it quietly, but the thought still arousing me
baby... believe me, you are fucking unbelievable... but... damn... you both are... and, well, I fuck myself to sleep almost every night that I'm alone, thinking of both of you on me at the same time....
what... really?
my cock stiffens, harder than ever before...
is it... is it too late?
i moan in anticipation, two beautiful women on either side of me...
"where...." I moan, blinking, "Where should we go? The shower's too small...."
i sling one hand behind me, putting a hand behind Sarah's head and pulling her to me so I might kiss her, and my other hand cradling the back of Jenn's as she licks my cock...
our bed is big, isn't it Jenn....
shall we continue there girls?
i take Jenn's hand, standing her up and kissing her passionately as my other hand takes Sarah's...
i chuckle... I can try
playfully, I grab sarah and sling her over my shoulder, quickly grabbing Jenn and doing the same
then I bound to the bedroom, a girl on each shoulder...
playfully, i toss Sarah onto the bed, then Jenn on top of her
hmmm, Sarah, I think Jenn is wearing way too much clothes...
slowly, i crawl onto the bed
i think she should
or we'll have to strip her ourselves
aw crap
yeah
oh well, we just moved from the shower to the bedroom then
ummm i dont see anyone on MY list
how about you
i lay on my back, watching you with lustful eyes...
i rock my hips, moaning lightly, trying to grind my cock against you harder....
mmmm, I love you to Sarah.... ohhh...
my eyes close and my head tilts back as I moan again, feeling your soft hairs against my swollen dick
i nod, barely able to speak as my cock throbs between us
ahhhmmmm.........
"Me too," I whisper, my hands sliding up your legs and onto your beautiful ass, my cock standing tall
moans, feeling your tight pussy stretch around my big thick cock, still a tight fight despite how wet you are....
ohhhhh shit baby
mmmmm okay baby, oohhhmmm.....
ohhhh yeah baby... fuck my cock... mmmmmm
mmmm godd... i watch your tits bounce and heave as you fuck me, my thick hard dick disappearing into your pussy easier and easier...
my hips rock against your movements...
ohhh
(Angel, name?)
<---Andrew
since Sarah is ontop and blocking the door, I dont see Jess enter...
ohhhh yeah Sarah, fuck me, gooodddd....
her hot body slamming down onto my cock... ohhhh shiiiit!
oohhh shit!
Jess!
i look around Sarah, my throbbing hard cock still inside her as I see Jess standing in the doorway
erm, yeah...
Jess, this is, uh, Sarah...
i lay there, too shocked to move, my glistening hard dick standing tall
well, baby... what, uh, are you doing home?
ummm, no baby... not at all
it was just this once!
i scramble to my knees on the bed, my thick hard cock still standing straight out
baby, it just happened, I'm sorry...
baby... please don't be mad...
I stand up, naked and wet from my previous shower (Jess you notice that Sarah is also wet from a shower...) and approach you
baby, i know you're mad... I'll make it up to you...
i... really?
i blink...
what can I do to make it up to you?
my cock still throbbing as ideas begin to dance through my head
i smile, glancing back at Sarah... "And her?"
smile, leaning in and kissing Jess passionately on the mouth, my cock pressing up against her as I walk backward, pulling her and myself to the bed
we both fall to the bed, my hands search for the edge of Jess' shirt as I look at Sarah, beckoning her to join us
i do so, my head cradling in her lap
i moan at Jess' touch, kissing her more heavily as one hand reaches up and cups Sarah's neck, motioning for her to lean down so I may kiss her as well
i lick my lips, my hands finding Jess's beautiful tits and massaging them as I kiss Sarah deeply, allowing Jess time to undo her skirt...
i moan, feeling your pussy pressed tightly against my dick
i bite my lip, one hand massaging Jess' tits and the other cupping Sarah's neck as I kiss her passionately
i moan into Sarah's pussy as Jess grinds against me, my tongue tasting her wet juices as I tease and suck and nibble on her clit....
i simply groan, my hands running up and down both bodies in ecstacy
my lips close around
Sarahs clit, sucking hard...
i slide a finger between Sarah's pussy and my face, managing to start fingering her as I lick and nibble on her swollen clit, my cock moving slowly in Jess's sweeeeet pussy
i moan again, feeling my cock slide deeper into Jess...
my finger pushing deep into Sarah's beautiful pussy as my tongue and lips ravage her clit
i simply grunt, feeling Jess tight pussy around my thick wet cock
my hips rocking as Jess fucks me, pushing up against her bouncing...
my mouth devouring Sarah's pussy, my tongue swirling and teasing her sweet sensitive clit as I nibble and suck on it...
i groan louder, my hot wet breath washing over Sarah's sexy pussy...
my tongue fucking your pussy like my cock is fucking Jess's....
my hands grab your hips, pulling you down onto my mouth hard as I nibble and suck and bite
i fuck you with my mouth harder, begging you to cum into my mouth....
mmmm please baby, you taste soooo good....
i continue to ravage your clit, nibbling and sucking
come on baby
mmmmmmmmQ
!!
i open my mouth and feel your cum drip into my mouth
i swallow it, then lick your pussy clean, inside and out...
and I let you fall onto your back, on the bed
i crawl over you slowly, my huge, hard dick dragging up your leg...
you want this sarah?
i lean over you like a predator over fallen prey, bowing my head to take a kiss from your sexy lips
my cock hovering less than an inch from your beautiful pussy...
i pull myself from under your pussy (i dont think angel is with us anymore)
i bite on your lower lip, tugging it gently as I begin to rock my hips, my cock sliding in and out of your pussy, slowly at first...
i grunt with every thrust, breathing hotly into your mouth...
(yeah... too bad)
i moan, the muscles in my upper body rippling as I suspend myself above you, fucking you faster....
i nod, grunting that I remember...
i pump you harder, beads of sweat replacing the water from the shower on my body as our naked bodies fuck wildly, entwined
i moan louder, my biceps bulging as my arms brace myself better on either side of your head
i grunt, fucking you hard, the solid-oak headboard slamming violently against the wall
mmmmmmmmm fuck baby
you are so hot
i slam you harder, sweat running down my face and chest...
my balls slapping against your ass...
i moan louder, the bed rocking hard and sliding on the hardwood floor a little
ohhhh fuck baby
i nod, suddenly slamming you twice as fast, feeling myself about to go...
ngh.... I yell, throwing my head back as Im almost cumming....
nnngghhhyyaaaaAAA!!! Finally, my cock explodes into you, filling you with hot, creamy cum....
load after load filling your pussy and spilling out onto the bed....
i continue slamming you, shouting and groaning as I cum
ohhhhh fuck baby, take it
taaaake it!
ngh... ngh... .... ngh........
grunting as I thrust into you over and over again
feeling your hard nipples dragging across my chest as my thrusts make your tits bounce...
i kiss you hard as I cum, my hot breath from my nose washing over your face as my cock pumps load after load of steaming cum into your pussy
finally, it slows, and my naked, sweaty body sags onto yours....
i pant, my head resting on your shoulder
my cock still throbbing inside of you
i let out light moans, kissing your neck lovingly as I rock my hips, helping you milk my cock....
sure
damn
that was good
kinda sucked how we lost TWO people though
yeah
we should try for another sometime
mmmmhmmmm.
lol
i'll try and round up a reliable third next time.
lol
yeah, haha
especially with TWO different girlfriends
lmao
just leave em out and say we moved to the bedroom
but angel was pretty hot when she was around
haha
yeah it sucked that she just sorta... disappeared...
yeah she's probably attending to something in real life
or Darth Real Life, as I like to call it
yes pleeeease!
me an' you'll just have to hang out in the threesome chat sometime
hehe
maybe do something public and see who wants in
yes, it definitely is
hehe
yeah, disappoints the fans
lol
lol yeah its 12:45 here... im on the opposite coast as you
and hey, those 132 out of 10 odds proved correct
haha yeeaaah.
well, gnight, and yes, I'm off to have a shower and thinking of you too
;)
better make sure i dont have the plug in, or I'll fill the tub when I cum
cuz i know im gonna cum HAAAAAAAAARD
well maybe next time you can find out how yummy it is
haha
just dont moan too loudly
yuuup.
oooh!
thats fuckin sexy
i can picture that, and it makes me even fuckin harder, if that's possible
bye... i gotta go cum RIGHT now
oh, how could I forget...
mmmm damn.
gnight