hey stranger, long time no see
good
been hoping to see you
wants to be on your site
BADDDDDDDDD
been there a few times
likes the incest one
is that bad?
true
yes baby
what role play do you want?
yes
brother sister
or mother son>?
ok
you come home
I am in the bathroom
jacking off
looking at a playboy
and you bust me
what are you doing home early?
you are not suppose to be home for hours
(trying to hide my cock with the magazine)
well, to be honest since you caught me
I was masturbating...........
feels good
and dont look at me like that
I have seen you with tommy in the shed before
I know that you know what I was doing Sarah
saw you with tommy last week
saw you stroking his cock
telling him
that you wanted to make it spit
(stands up)
see Sarah, I am even bigger than tommy is
wanted to Sarah, was stroking my cock watching you with him
you are very good looking, you have grown up in all the right places too
(takes your hand and places it on my hard cock)
you like that feeling Sarah.......that hard cock in your little hand........
(runs my hand over your thin top, feeling your breasts)
these feel good in my hands Sarah........lets go to mom and dad's room..............
(takes you by the hand)
look at what I found Sarah, (takes out a porno and puts it int he vcr, hits play)
mom and dad play this game, they call it, "lets do what they do" wanna play it with me?
grips your top and pulls it off of your body, over your shoulders and arms........
hands go behind you and fumbles with your bra, letting your hard breasts out........
ohhhhhhhh sisssssssss
cups your breast with one hand as the other one takes the zipper down on your skirt
no Sarah, please do
takes the zipper down
letting it fall on the floor
hands go to your little panties......feeling the material.....feeling how wet your slit is........
hands move to take the panties off of you, smelling your sex in the air. cock twiches under your touch.........
oh Sarah, that feels so good the way you touch me.......
bends down and sucks your left nipple in my mouth, finding my hands caressing your soft and wet folds, hearing the sounds of fucking coming from the television
sucking and sucking on you, finding your slit and rubbing it up and down, kissing your breast, oh Sarah, you taste so good...........
yes Sarah
lets get on the bed........
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
wants to taste you Sarah
you smell so good...........
gets on the bed with you
gets between your legs
let me lick you Sarah
yes Sarah, wants that
oh sarah........
moving my mouth to your swollen and closed lips
lapping at them, tasting your sweet cream
wiggling it as it goes in
sticking out my tounge and pushing it in your lips
yes sarah, feels your body move to my mouth
pushing my tounge inside of my little sisters pussy.......
wiggling and pushing it in your slit
feeling it open up to your big brother
letting your hot clear juices spill out of your pussy
and cover my lips and mouth
oh sarah, so sweet
pushing my tounge deep in your pussy
pushing it inside of you
harder, deeper, faster, that is it baby, yes, that is it, oh sarah, your mouth feels so good on my cock
wiggling my tounge, pushing it in and out of your pussy
feeling your mouth on my cock, tounge working the shaft.....oh sarah, oh yesssssssssssss
(stroking there baby?)
oh yesssss baby, stroking so good
pushing my tounge deeper and deeper in sara's pussy
wiggling it all around
the sounds of fucking grow louder on the television
oh sara................
licking and lapping at your pussy
feeling you take my cock, as deep in your mouth as you can
(you ready to cum baby?)
wants to put my cock in you sara........
you stroke while your big brother takes your tight pussy sis.......
watches you lay back on the bed
spreading your legs
moving between them, looking at my little sis sara......oh yesssssssss
been wanting this ever since I saw you with tommy sara......
was stroking my cock as you stroked him sis........
now you get my cock.............
takes my cock in my hand and rubs it on your swollen and open pussy lips
getting the cockhead all wet with your juices
watching you stroking your clit
feeling it grow hard in your hand
taking my cock, putting the little slit over your clit
and massaging it, feeling the slit open up and stroke your clit.........
rubbing and rubbing the clit
watching you move against my cock
watching your nipples grow harder
seeing your eyes
your face
knowing you love this feeling
as you feel my cockhead split your lips.....wanting inside of you sara.......
feeds you the head of my cock
feeding your pussy
watching you as you see my cock going in your pussy
yes sis I am
and THRUSTS my cock all the way in you
pushing it all the way in you
holding your body next to mine
yessssssssss
oh sarah yesssssssssssssssss
grinding in you
feeding you my cock
feeling your hard nipples against my chest
yes sarah, that is it, move with me
moving my mouth down, taking your nipple in my mouth as my cock pumps your tight pussy
that is it baby, do it, move with me, feel my cock in you
pump those fingers baby
like it was my cock
and cum for me
cover my cock
do it baby, do it, cum for me
feel my cock in you
holding you
hands go under your body
and grip your shoulders
and drive my cock in you
over and over and over again
yessssssssssssssssssss
pumping, long slow strokes with my cock
letting the tip of my shaft go deep in your pussy
rubbing that special spot so deep inside of you
massaging it, making small moves with my hips
rubbing it
feeling your body move
feeling your pussy get so tight
that is it baby
give it to me, soak my cock baby
that is it
you cum baby?
save this one baby
will cum for you next time lover
smiles
now get
you too baby