I hear the door and my head jerks around, one hand still between my legs, my eyes wide
I see you standing there and shriek, grabbing for the blanket I'm lying on to cover myself, but falling off the couch instead
I glare at you, lying on my chest on the floor, the porn still playing on the tv
What does it look like?
I blush furiously
Well, are you going to just stand there and ogle, or at least be gentlemanly enough to help me up?
I reach up and clasp your hand, starting to pull myself up, holding the blanket around me with my other hand.
I let go of your hand and reach around for the tv control. I pick it up carefully because it's wet (it's the perfect shape for a certain other use, and I've never worked up the nerve to buy an actual dildo) and press the button to turn the TV off.
I re-grab the blanket it my hand, feeling it slip out because that hand is the one that was between my legs
Well, fine. Have a seat, I'll be right back.
My entire body flushed with embarassment.
I set the control down next to the couch as I walk out. I sweep down and pick up my panties, shorts, and tank-top from the floor and I head toward my bedroom.
I close the bedroom door behind me and sit on my bed facing away from the door. I stop for a moment thinking as hear you turn up the volume on the porn, the moaning of the woman on the TV permeating my house.
I look at the panties I was wearing when I first started the movie, feeling their moistness, and lick my lips. I put on the used panties instead of a fresh pair.
I slip on my tank top slowly, feeling the fabric brush over my nipples, and my other hand drifts back between my legs
I begin to rub my panties over my crotch, caressing myself, my body desperate to finish what I started.
I don't hear the door open as I begin to moan with the woman on the TV, not even realizing the volume change as I'm caught up in the pleasure
I gasp and my eyes open as I feel your lips on the inside of my thighs, but this time I don't care. I pull my panties to the side for you
I moan with pleasure every time you brush your tongue against my clit, my hand which isn't holding my panties for you rests on the back of your head, holding it between my legs
Aahhhnnnn......
I curl my body forward, letting your hand grab my panties as I lean forward over you, my nipples prominently displayed by my tight tank top
My hands are on your shoulders as you stand up, pulling my up just a little off the bed.
I stare into your eyes, then nod and slowly let my hands slide down your body
From your shoulders to your chest, so firm under my hands
Down your six-pack to your boxer's elastic band
I hook my fingers on either side of your boxers, lifting them up off your body on the front, and I pull them down, smelling your hot cock as it springs out
I lift my arms over my head as you pull off my shirt, then I lean forward and begin licking your shaft
I cover your cock with saliva as I lick up and down its length, toying with your cockhead before I give its tip a little, sucking kiss...
and swallowing down your entire length
I begin to suck and blow your cock, slowly pumping it deeper into me with each motion
Swallowing you... Sucking you
I lightly drag my teeth on your shaft, never letting your cockhead leave my mouth
Tonguing your cockhead with each pull out, swallowing it down my throat every time your thrust your hips into my mouth
My right hand, still wet with my own juices, begins to fondle your sac as my other hand finds itself between my legs, rubbing myself through my panties.
I press my chest forward as much as our position allows, enjoying your hands on my breasts
I hold your cock in my throat, stroking it with the swallowing motion in the throat muscles
I feel precum dripping down the back of my throat
hot and salty
[What couch? We're on my bed]
[np. :) ]
Put it in me, Brian...
I want iiiIIIIIT!!
I scream out as you thrust into me
I roll my hips around with yours, wanting you to explore me
Feeling you probe my depths, I hungrily thrust my hips back against you
I get into your rhythm, slowly pleasuring your cock as it pumps me, clenching myself around it as you pull out
I feel your sac slamming against my clit in our position and I moan with each deep press, the pleasure of your shaft slamming into me overwhelming
I moan loudly as you grabs my breasts, finding ecstasy in your love
Fuck me, Brian! Ohhhh, gawwd it's good!
I feel saliva drip out of my mouth, mixed with the taste of your precum
My entire body engrossed in my hunger for your cum
I feel my breasts bounding up and down with our motion again as you release them
Aaaaahhhhhhnnnn! Oh, fuck me yeah!!!
I clench my cunt around your cock once again, feeling myself approaching the edge as well
Cum- cum inside me!
I scream out with animal desire
oooOOHHHHH!!
I feel your explosion inside me and your hot cum spilling into me pushes me violently over the edge
I feel myself explode with pleasure, my cum mixing with yours inside me
My entire body is caught up as I peak and begin the slow path down again
I return your kiss, sucking your tongue into my mouth before saying, "I'll make sure my husband never finds out..."
I playfully lick your nose
He's gone for the week on a business trip
I smile.
I wouldn't have been helping myself earlier if he were around.
I collapse back on the bed, smiling with my eyes closed.
A bit more than a week, if I have anything to say about it.
I sit up again, facing you, and wink
You're bigger than he is.
I giggle.
Just come in the back door from now on. It's a small town. Welcome to the neighborhood, Brian.
You don't mind if I don't give you a plate of cookies, do you?
I laugh
I cock an eyebrow and scootch a little closer to you
You sound quite excited.
I stand up and hug you, pressing myself against you, resting my head on your shoulder with my eyes closed.
I'd love to, Brian, but I'm afraid I'm spent for the time being.
That's the third time today I was watching that movie.
I blush, and try to hide it by playfully nibbling your earlobe.
I'm glad you think it's amazing...
I sigh happily, comfortable in the strength of your embrace
I wink and blow you a kiss as you walk out the bedroom
Thanks for the fun roleplay!
sure was! :)
You had a good starting scene.
lol, thanks. :">
You've got some pretty stuff yourself. Yummm! :D
err-
typo
That was supposed to be pretty hot stuff.
What do you want to know?
I'm about 5'11", I have pretty straight black hair. It bleaches to a brunette in the summer, though, and that's ok with me. :) My hair's a little longer than shoulder length, right now, and I wear it curled slightly out on the ends, instead of curled in. I wear a 34C and weigh ~140lbs.
I wear a pair of glasses, narrow black rims, and have hazel eyes.
Likes? Sunbathing when it's nice outside, spending time with friends, and the occasional bout of cybersex. I also enjoy computers.
:) I don't think I'm a supermodel, but I'm certainly not Roseanne Barr either. [shudder]
lol, sure does. :) Supermodels annoy me. I haven't decided if I have some high-minded principle, or if it's just jealousy. I don't know if I want to decide, either. ;)
lol, you flatter me. I love it. B-)
Anyhow. When I'm not being a student, I like doing the sorts of things I listed in my likes. Just about anything with friends, really. I've never really been into clubbing, though I've done a bit o' that too.
Unfortunately, at this point in my life, school is pretty much full-time.
I'm actually 22 now, and in grad school.
Grad school is way more work than I thought it would be. :((
:)
I don't think I'm gonna make it to a Ph. D.
I'm at the point in my life where I'd rather have a little bit of $$ from a job, y'know?
Time to start paying off some of these school bills.
Yep. The one thing that really helped my decision was the good ol' economy. My classmates were averaging about 6 months to find a job, and I'm hoping that the situation will be a little better 12 months from now.
Let's hope so! :D
Heehee! I s'pose so. :)
Yeppers! Hmmm, it looks like a good day for a walk today. Warm and sunny.
Ooog. Rain. Rain isn't fun. :(
Unless it's a thunderstorm. Then it's kinda' fun.
At least thunderstorms aren't boring.
Or just watching the lightning from the window when you're cuddling with someone. ;)
Sadly, i've gotta' go. :(
Thanks for the fun. :)
bye bye!
sure