Having changed out of the three-piece suit, I greet you wearing sweats and a t-shirt. I'm wearing a scowl..."Come on in"
"Well, if it were just one problem... First, the remote doesn't work. Second, there are no clean towels in the bathroom. Just a pile of towels in the shower. Finally, take a look at this" pointing to the bed
You see a ladies thong in a ball in the middle of the bed and a closer inspection reveals spotty stains on the sheets. "Look the towels and the remote I can handle...but the bed is a entirely different story"
"We'll I have a nasty habit of unpacking everything as soon as I get in the room. Call it my own anal, type A personality quirk. So how about this....if you'll bring me fresh towels and clean sheets and help me change the bed, you'll not hear another word from me"
"So, do we have a deal?"
"I'm so sorry to trouble you with this"
(Was typing something else when you popped back in....lol)
You notice my eyes fall to your damp, white blouse, my eyes fixating on your breasts
"Yes, I did" I say as I slowly walk over next to you at the side of the bed
"I placed it in the bottom drawer of the dresser" I say and then change the subject "You're a very attractive young lady. Are you single?"
I follow a closely, a mere step behind. "It sounded like you were about to say married...are you being honest with me?" I ask towering over you as you reach into the bottom dresser drawer
I'm literally only inches behind you
I tap you on the shoulder causing you to turn your head and glace up at me. You're startled to see that I have removed my t-shirt and my hard cock is clearly visible underneath the loose fabric of my sweat pants
"Are you ok?"
I reach down as you're scrambling to get to your feet and pull you upright, sliding my hands from your wrists to your waist as I do. You're now standing face to face with me, you're body pressed against mine. You can feel my hard cock pressing against you.
Without saying a word, I wrap my left arm around your waist, then reach out with my right hand, taking your left hand in mine and guiding it to my chest and then sliding it down inside my sweats
I lean in and kiss you, softly at first and then more passionately letting my tongue wander inside your mouth
My hands slide down your back to the waist of your pleated skirt. My fingers fumble with the zipper for a seond but soon I have it undone and the skirt falls to the floor around your feet
I slide my hannds under your firm ass cheek, lifting you off the floor. Our kiss continues as your warp your around my waist pushing my hard cock against your lace panties and encircle my neck with your arms. My sweats around my knees, I struggle to walk but manage to turn your around, carry you four steps and place you on the edge of the bed
"I'm Wade, Sarah" I say as I slowly remove my sweats and then kneel at the foot of the bed
I raise your right leg and kiss your big toe, and then suck it into my mouth. My lips and tongue then continue along your calf to your inner thigh where I pause to bite it softly
"Once or twice" I say as I raise my head. My hands slide slowly along the outside of your legs, my fingertips barley grazing the skin as the make their way to the waist of your panties
I slowly slide the panties off, tossing them to the floor
"Yes" I say softly as I raise your right leg and drape it over my shoulder, the left follows and I lower my head
My tongue finds its way to your clit, fluttering and swirling around it
I slide one finger inside you and then a second as I continue tonguing your clit
I slide my fingers in and out slowly, then remove them, using them to spread your lips as my tongue darts inside
I begin to slowly fuck you with my tongue....pushing it in and out
I continue my assult in your pussy, feeling you pushing into my face as you squirm and twitch, tasting your juices
"I wanted you from the second I saw you at the front desk"
"my fiancee's"
"Not a clue" I say as my tongue moves away from your pussy momentarliy as I softly bite your inner thigh
"Oh, Sarah, you taste so sweet" I moan as my tongue returns, sliding up and down between your pussy lips
"Cum on my face, Sarah...."I want you to cum all over my face" I slurp and my tongue pushes deep inside your pussy
I continue to lick you as you buck and squirm
I waste no time, as you finish your orgasm, I grab you, roll you over and then pull you by the feet to the end of the bed
You knees are on the floor, your chest laying on the bed when you suddenly feel my hard cock on your ass
I use my knees to push yours apart, then reach underneath you sliding a finger back inside you as I slide up closer behind you
I slide my finger out, take my cock in my hand and guide the head inside your warm, dripping wet pussy
I slide the length of my shaft inside, feeling your pussy tighten around it as my balls push into your ass
My hands find their way to your waist as I begin to slide in and out slowly
My grip on your waist tightens as I begin to pull you back on me in unison with my thrusts
You lift up pulling your chest of the mattress thrusting your head back, my hands make their way around front and squeeze your breasts as I continue to fuck you
I begin to pump fuirously, the thrusts becoming quicker and quicker and irregular in the pace...."Oh Sarah"
"Oh, Sarah!...Oh, God!"
Oh God! Sarah! Sarah! Yessss! Sarah! I moan as my whole body tenses
ooo...ooh! oooh! God! I moan as I send my hot cum deep inside you
I thrust deep inside you 3 or 4 more times sending every last drop inside your pussy
we collaspe ...me on top of you, my cock slowly becoming less and less rigid but still inside you and you laying flat on the mattress
"Oh Sarah" I whisper. "Are you working tomorrow?"
I kiss your neck and nibble at your earlobe
"I hope so"
Nite Sarah. Sweet dreams :-*