Real long time. How's it going?
lol, I'd almost forgotten I had a site.
Nah, I don't think so.
Shoot, I like 'em all. If I didn't, they wouldn't be up there.
-- is out of practice, so be gentle.
Didn't you just say you liked the incest one? How's that sound?
brother sister this time.
What's the scene?
I look at the closed bathroom door in front of me.
Joe? What're you doing? You're making a lot of noise for using the bathroom.
I got off work early, the power went out for some stupid reason. What are you doing?
notices that you're really growing up into your manhood, puberty has been nothing but good for you.
Why do you do that?
blushes
You shouldn't spy on me!
blushes even more furiouslly and turns looks to the side.
Thanks, Joe. I never thought I'd hear my brother saying that...
catches her breath as she feels the size of your cock. 
It really is a lot bigger than Tommy's...
Looks at you again.
Joe... I do, it feels great.
squeezes it slowly and firmly.
let's you lead her into mom and dad's room.
feels her nipples getting hard and pressing against her bra, which now feels too tight
Yeah, Joe. I do.
rubs your body and enjoys it's strength as you mess with the vcr.
holds her arms up, emphasizing her breasts at the same time as she helps you remove her tight shirt
sighs and relaxes as you remove her bra.
Joe, do you mind if I play with your cock again?
leans forward and looks more closely at your cock as she fondles it, playing with your balls.
admires the beauty of your smooth, hard cockhead.
feels her slit starting to drip with juices in anticipation
squeezes the cockhead between her fingers and starts to slowly stroke your shaft with her other hand.
Joe, you were right. You're so much more beautiful than Tommy...
feels you sucking her nipple as your fingers send electricity through her body
Maneuvers her body around to provide her mouth with access to your cock, hungry to taste it.
:starts licking around your cockhead, rubbing her tongue over your little cock slit and opening it.
Ok, Joe. If you'd like...
disengages herself and climbs up onto the bed.
lies down on her back and spreads her legs
As long as I can taste you too.
Mmmm, Joe...
Holds your hips and moves your cock to be in front of her face.
starts licking your cockhead again, its heat has already dried the saliva from before.
Oh! Joe!
Yelps as your tongue slips inside..
starts to actually suck your cock, now
takes half of your shaft into her mouth and starts to suck it, pumping it in and out.
takes it deeper and deeper with every movement, slowly but surely.
feels your cock starting to slam against the back of her mouth, so she begins to swallow it down.
breathes through her nose, your cock is so big...
Mmmmm...
moans deep in her throat, feeling the vibrations pass through your cockhead.
(Heck yeah! You too?)
moans with your tongue inside her.
swallows down as much of your cock as she can, but it's too big to take it all.
can feel it pressing against the back of her throat.
(getting there...)
nods and slowly pulls her hed down from your cock...
absently rubs her breasts with her hands as you admire her.
I'm glad you are, Joe... Tommy can go fuck himself, I want you...
moves one hand down between her legs and starts playing with her clitoris.
strokes her clit more insistently as you tease her slit.
Mmmm...
begins to breathe heavily as you stimulate her clit.
Ooooh, Joe....
rubs her breast more insistently, squeezes and tweaks her nipple.
My eyes are closed as I focus between my legs.
Oh, Joe! You're teasing me...
moves my hand from my clit to your sac and start squeezing it as you slip inside me
oooooOOOOHH!
I feel myself filled up with your cock.
You're so big!
pump my hips in time with you
I arch my back in the ecstasy of your cock, pressing my chest up against yours.
bringing my hands up around and behind you, sliding them down to your hips and 
squeezing your firm ass as you pump me.
Oh, yess! Joe, Yess!!!
feels her body preparing to cum
Ooooooohhhhh!
lets herself loose in one, final charge of ecstasy
cums all over your cock
feels her body begin to relax.
Good timing Joe. I have just enough time to get ready for class.
Yep, thanks to you.
saved
Thanks, Joe. Have a good day.