(that's ok..:) ) I slowly walk towards you.. 'shouldn't you be out on the field with the other girls, young lady?'
i take the purse from your hand.. liking your obvious discomfort, 'and this purse, your's, is it?'
i reach down into your bag, pulling out a wallet.. 'oh.. this must be your boyfriend's..?'
I smile at you.. my hand moving to your waist 'so you're going to this lesson, right?'
i sit down on the bench, my fingers trailing down your leg. 'well... if you're going to your lesson you'll have to get changed, won't you?'
I lean back against the wall.. feeling my cock start to harden as I realise the power I have over you
'you do have your gym kit?'
'go and get it then..'
my hand has moved in between my legs as i watch you from behind..
'well bring it over then..'
'I think you have to take your clothes off first before you get into your kit.. don't you think?'
my cock is almost hard in my pants.. my eyes moving down your body.. resting on the top button of your blouse
my eyes take in your slim firm torso..
my cock so hard now..
i can't resist moving my hand down to my groin.. softly rubbing..
'see.. it's not that hard is it?'
i see your eyes flick down to my hand as i massage my cock.. and then up to meet my eyes
i part my legs.. 'and all you have to do now is put your kit on..'
the shape of my cock is so obvious down my trouser leg
i lean over, my fingertips stroking through your hair.. 'don't you worry about me.. put your kit on..'
(let's say a very short skirt and a white polo shirt..)
i rubbing faster and faster... seeing you bending over in your underwear..
i watch intently..
i feel my pre-cum on my leg..
'you can undo that last button.. and turn around to put the skirt on..'
i moan softly as you bend over.. your ass in the air..
i wait for you to turn around again..
my eyes move all over your body.. i'm so horny now.. your tight kit outlining every curve of your body
i part my legs
come over here..
i smile to myself
closer
i stop rubbing myself.. my hands moving to your legs.. one the outside of either leg
slowly sliding higher
'now.. tell me why you needed your purse so desperately..'
my hands are now around your waist.. moving higher
my hands move round, slowly cupping your breasts
i smile at you... my fingers undoing the button
and then the next
when your blouse is unbuttoned i push it to the side.. letting it slip down your shoulders
trailing my fingers over your soft skin.. round to your back.. up towards the clasp of your bra
i unfasten your bra
pushing the straps down your shoulders
moving back to the front and pulling at the cups..
overtaken by lust
i move your bra down.. exposing your breasts to me
now you are standing topless in front of me
i lean forward
my mouth close to your breast
breathing on your nipple
pushing out my wet tongue.. flicking the tip over your nipple
my tongue circles your nipple.. taking it into my mouth
sucking
feeling it become erect in my mouth
i pause.. 'shhhhhh.. you wouldn't want me to open 'your' purse now, would you..?'
my hand moves up to massage your other breast
kneading the soft flesh
my free hand moves down your back.. holding your firm ass
i find the top of the zipper and start to slowly slide it down
i feel the waistband of your thong.. moving round to the front.. down.. over your mound..
my cock is twitching in my pants.. my breathing so heavy as i switch to take the other nipple into my mouth
i know that the other girls are all out on the field and that no-one should hear
i feel the heat from your pussy on my fingers as they move down the fabric.. touching you
feeling a slight wetness seeping through your thong as I rub you
i move my hand from your breast.. taking your hand.. moving it to my knee
I push the thin strip of material to the side.. my middle finger rests in between your pussy lips.. i start to press.. my finger slips in between them
i push you up straight.. making you stand up straight in front of me as i slide my finger up and down your wet slit
i sit back again.. looking up and down your naked body
my hand returning to my groin as i pleasure both of us..
(oops.. sorry.. ok. :))
(erm.. :) )
my finger finds your clit
rubbing it so softly
in circles
round and round
my finger slides down to your wet hole... resting against it as i start to rub your clit with my thumb
i start to unzip myself
as i pull my thick hard cock out of my pants i push my finger inside you
sliding another finger inside you now
fingering you as i stroke myself
my hand sliding up and down my cock
my eyes watching your closed eyes.. your hands kneading your own breasts
i finally stand up
leaning down.. my face close to yours
leaning closer.. my lips meeting yours
kissing you passionately.. knowing I've made you want me
i push myself back from you.. leaving you standing alone with your arms down by your side
shit
still here
got really disturbed by someone
sorry!!
almost... but that can wait.. now where were we.. my beautiful young student standing naked in front of me.. slightly wet..
i unbuckle my belt
pushing my pants down
stepping out of them
'i think someone needs to take Sir's boxer shorts off.. don't you?'
hello?
'i think someone needs to take Sir's boxer shorts off.. don't you?'
i moan as i feel you touch me
my hand moving down into your hair
mmmmmm
my cock twitches
feeling your hot mouth around me
teasing me
loving it
mmmmmm
oooohhhh
mmmmmm
i start rocking my hips gently
my hand pulling your head onto my cock
your mouth so hot and wet
moaning
mmmmmm... yesssss
Ahhhhh
oh yesss
i feel my balls start to pump
knowing that you are going to make me cum so hard
gently fucking your mouth as you finger my ass
mmmmmm
i feel my orgasm surging up my shaft
my hips bucking as i explode inside your mouth
emptying myself into your mouth (lol)
pulling your head onto my cock..
i feel your tongue around my cock.. getting me hard again
so horny for you
i tilt my head back
moaning
mmm yess
gasping
it feels so good
my cock is as hard as ever as i draw it from your mouth
i walk round so i am standing behind you
i walk round so i am standing behind you
i lean in
my lips almost touching your ear
i reach around you
taking your hands in mine
leading them down to the bench
bending you over
my cock rubbing against your ass crack
my hands trail back up your arms
down your back..
settling on either side of your waist
i bend my knees slightly.. my cock moving down over your asshole.. finding your wet, juicy hole
so wet
pushing gently with my hips
feeling you start to open for me
stretching to take me in
the tip of my cock inside you
pushing further
furhter inside
letting you envelop me
pulling you back onto me
fully inside you
i draw my cock out slowly and thrust back inside you
so deep
my cock sliding in and out of your cunt
(ah... crossed lines.. sorry.. i went over your asshole, down to your pussy.. :">)
(lol)
my cock sliding in and out of your cunt
(let's start here!!)
pulling you back
grinding against you
pulling you back onto me as i do
finding a rhythm
faster and faster
hard
looking down at my cock.. fucking one of my students..
feeling you tighten around me
ramming into you
my hands move down and around your body
cupping your breasts
squeezing as i fuck you
in and out
oh my godddd
it feels so good
mmmmm
your cunt tightens around me
my hand moving up from your breast.. my finger against your mouth
letting you suck as i fuck you mercilessly
feeling you cum all over my cock
yessss
mmmmm
feeling my balls pumping again as your pussy gets SO slick from your cum
faster and faster I fuck you
ohhhhhh yesss
mmnnm
i moan as i pound into you
my hands sliding back down to your ass
squeezing hard as my hips buck
cumming inside you
pumping my load into you
still fucking you as i empty every last bit of cum into your tight cunt
ooohhh yesss... mmmm
i pull you upright
spinning us round
sitting down on the bench.. you on my lap.. still inside you
kissing your neck..
i look up at the clock on the wall.. seeing that the other girls are due back in a few minutes
I whisper in your ear.. 'I think we'd better get dressed young lady.. and you should put your purse back in your jacket..'
'oh.. and you can come to my office for your detention after school.... :)'
I stand up and get dressed..
turning to you and kissing you on the lips before walking out of the changing room 'I'd better leave.. you never know who might be watching.. ;)'
oh ok then
mmmmm... nice..
afternoon here
in london.. flat mate coming home then going out again!
i wasn't caught
thank fuck!
living room
where are you?
still horny?
:(
my cock is still rock hard
i came once..
but you young lady got me so horny
i only need to think of you and what we just did
u have a mic? speakers?
add away..
lol
so you wouldn't want to hear me cum for you then...?