Thanks. :) I certainly had fun helping to make them. :D
Which one did you like the most?
:D
I got pretty excited too. ;)
Sal and I actually had that log less than 2 months ago.
I haven't been able to get online with her since, tho'. :((
It can be, true.
No trick that I know, either, besides luck of the draw. Happen to be online and in the same room with one.
Heehee! I thank you. ;) And I thank you for not PMing me with the word "hi" as well. :D
So, did you have something in mind when you PMd me? Or did you only want to compliment me on my website? 0:)
I was rather hoping you had something more in mind. :"> What sort of fantasy would you like to act out?
Would you rather I be single or no?
I pull some freshly-made lemonade out of the refrigerator and walk out to my front door with it.
[What's your name?]
[I'm Sarah]
I admire your muscular build again as I walk out the door, stunned for a moment before I can find my voice to call out to you
[heehee! Hello, Shane!]
Shane? Shane! You look hot out there!
I chuckle to myself at the double meaning and hold up the container with the lemonade
How'd you like something to drink?
I smile at you, shuddering to myself when I realize that your walking toward me.
I'm wearing tight cutoff shorts and a t-shirt. Panties and bra are pink.
I lead you to the small kitchen table and offer you a seat
I don't want you to think that I'm a shut-in.
I smile at you again as I grab a couple glasses from the cupboard and set them down on the table.
I plunk a few ice cubes into each glass and open the container, pouring in the lemonade, feeling your eyes on my back.
I shiver with pleasure, hoping that you want me as much as I want you.
I walk up behind you and put one hand on your shoulder while I set your glass of lemonade down in front of you, leaning over you to do so.
I feel my breasts brush against your body and barely manage to swallow back a sigh of pleasure.
I look down your hard, chiseled chest at your crotch, wondering what I'll see of your cutoffs.
I start to massage your neck and shoulders, absorbed in your presence.
So, Shane, how's life been treating you?
I barely manage to not stumble over my own words, I'm so preoccupied with you.
I let my body sway forward, my hips pressing against your chair and my breasts softly pressing against the back of your head
I smile and take a shuddering breath as I feel your hands on my calves. I lean my head down to talk softly into your ear.
Oh yeah? Why's that?
I giggle, smile, and teasingly lick your ear.
Our timing's all wrong then, because I've gotten up early many mornings to watch you get ready for school.
I let my massaging hands travel down your chest, now, feeling the firm strength of your pecs.
I lean down and sensuously kiss your forehead
A man like you is what I've been waiting for all my life, Shane.
I fall asleep at night thinking about you, imagining you lying in the bed next to me.
[k]
I feel your fingers slipping under my shorts and I sigh happily to myself, letting my body sink down to sit in your lap with my arm around your neck.
I respond to your kiss with enthusiasm, feeling a thrill between my legs as our lips touch and open for eachother.
I press myself to you, pressing my clothed chest against your bare one, flexing my bottom's cheeks while your hands squeeze me.
I finally get my body in the position I've so long desired, my legs spread one on either side of you, kissing you, with my chest pressed up against yours.
I feel how wet I am as I arrange myself to feel your excitement
I start to move my body, grinding you, letting you feel my own desire through my instinctive movements.
I reach my hand down to lift my shirt up over my breasts after unfastening my cutoffs
I feel the zipper pull open, they're so tight, revealing my pink panties
I pull my shirt completely off, exposing my bare breasts to your hands and fingers.
I moan quietly when you pinch my nipples
Mmmm, Shane....
I pull myself forward to kiss you again, deeply and firmly, pressing my breasts up against you, squeezing your hands between my breasts and your own firm chest.
I feel my panties growing wet with my juice as my body begins to sweat with passion. I moan excitedly with every turn of your fingers, feeling our moans mix in our tongues.
I suck your tongue into my mouth and squeeze myself to you even harder.
My breath catches in my throat, a pleasured whimper escaping from our kiss
I arch back away from you and wrap my legs around you as you run the ice cube over me, melting the cold water on my nipple.
mmm- mmm!
I realize that Shane, the man I've been fantasizing about for years, is licking me between my legs and I can't control my little ecstatic whimpers of pleasure
I start rubbing and tweaking my breasts and nipples, both pairs of my lips spreading slightly
Ahhn- oh, Shane!
Mmmmmaaahh!
I drop my hands down to your head and press my hips against your mouth.
Aaaaaah! Oh- Oh, Shane! NnnggAA! Just tell- tell me what you want me to do! ahhhnnnnn- !
I feel my pussy lips spreading for your tongue, my juices dripping out quickly only to be lapped up by your warm tongue licking me there.
aaaAHHNNG!!
I feel myself caught up in the ecstasy now, unconcious of anything not between my legs
Oh- Oh, Shane- Tell me what you want! Ahhnnnn- please! Please tell me I can cum for you!
I feel my pussy muscles pumping my empty pussy, ready to cum from clitoral play
I lean down over the bare-chested 17 year old eating me out and I grit my teeth, feeling myself about to cum
I will, Shane! I'm going to cum for you!
Ahn! That's it! aaahaaahhhhhhhhh!!
My body spasms with ecstasy as I feel my cum pouring out into your waiting lips around my pussy
My breath is deep and gasping as I feel your face pressed into my crotch
Shane- Oh, Shane! This is so much better than I ever imagined!
Oh- oh god! Shane!
I'm holding myself up with my hands on the table, unable to support my own weight I've cum so furiously
I feel your head pull away and I open my eyes to look at you, my body slick and shining, drenched with sweat
I breathe deeply, trying to catch my breath, and smile back at you
Shane.... I've dreamed of that every night for years...
I let myself down to sit on the floor, facing you, then I reach forward and unfasten your own cutoffs.
Now, please, let me put you inside me...
I look at you pleadingly, you barely more than half my own age.
I delicately pull your pants and underwear down, letting your cock spring up out of its restraint
I stroke it lightly, exploring your shaft with my fingers as I drag my body toward yours
I'm barely concious of the wetness that I leave on the floor wherever my pussy touches
I put my hands on your shoulders and lift myself up, still wanting to feel you inside me
I slowly let myself down on your cock, impaling my pussy with your length, sighing as I feel you fill me up.
Unh! Oh, Shane... You feel so good inside me...!
I let you thrust my body up from within my pussy with your cock
I start to bounce up and down on you, first slowly...
then faster and faster
Fuck me, Shane. Please, fuck me!
I've never been so horny in the entire 30 years of my life!
Please, Shane! Please, let me feel you ram your cock!
Ah, yes, shane! That's it! Take me! I'm all yours, Shane... enjoy me!
I conciously press my chest forward against you, into your mouth
Aaaah!
I arch my back in ecstasy, my pussy spasming around your cock
I throw my hair back, leaning back so far that only the strength of your hot, long cock inside me keeps me from falling back
I wrap my legs around your body, trying to hold your massive strength inside me.
I scream out with each thrust, my tender clit growing excited again in spite of itself
I let you hold my body up with your hands, leaning back into them as I bounce on you, your cock pounding into me every second
I reach my hands forward and wrap them around your neck
I sense your increasing tension and cry out
Oh, Shane!
That's it, cum inside me, Shane!
I squeeze your cock inside my pussy, this time my pussy muscles squeezing something other than themselves
I feel your pre-cum mixing with my own juice inside me
I'm lost in the pleasure, screaming out your name
AaaaAAHHH!!!!
I feel you explode inside me and your hot, sticky cum pushes me over the edge
I feel my own cum pour forth once again, surrounding your cock and mixing with your cum inside me.
I pull myself to you and hold my body against yours, letting your hot, hard cock pulse inside me, my pussy milking all the cum it can out of your shaft.
I pant your name...Shane... Shane...
I respond to your kiss as my body relaxes, finally fulfilled
I relax against you, complete.
I gotta' go. :(
Great. :) I'm glad you had fun. I did. :)
heehee! Good. I'm not the only one about to take a shower then. ;)
later! :x