My eyes never leaving watching you. Uhhhh (I stutter because I am nervous) Hi I am Brian...I just moved in across the street, are you busy?
A woman with big tits is stripping in front of a man who is seated on a couch .
Your glare is s o inviting witout you saying a word I step inside the already open door and I close it behind me
No need to blush...I extend my hand as if to help you up
Being so close to you make me stiffen instantly. Our bodies brush together slightly and I know I am in the right spot at the right time
I look at you, interesting choice of television...Why watch a movie when you can have the real thing?
I take a seat, my eyes never leave you as you walk away
As you set the remote down, I pick it up...I feel how wet it is. I turn the TV back on and turn the volume up as you enter your bedroom. I sit there and watch as I wait for you to return
I slide my shirt off as all of the sudden it became really hot inside the house. I am sitting on the couch wondering what exactly you are doing in that bedroom
I walk to your bedroom door. And stand in front of it, imagining you lying there pleasuring yourself again. A fantasy plays out in my mind, and I can not hold back, I open the door
I stand in your doorway, watching you with my shirt off
I move between your legs, spreading them slightly. I kiss the insides of your thighs softly, feeling how hot, wet, and sticky they already are
My tongue traces a gentle trail up to your wet pussy
I tease your clit with my tongue and use my fingers to spread your pussy
My tongue teases your clit each time I slide it inand out of your wet pussy
I slide it deep inside, tasting how sweet you are
I bury my head in between your legs, My tongue deep inside you as I move my head back and forth
My hands move to your ass, I grab you there and pull you closer to me
I arch your back as I slide my tongue quickly in and out of your pussy
I stand up in front of you
I unbuckle my pants, and allow them to slide off
My eyes fixed on you
My cock stiff in my boxers
I slide my boxers off, I am fully aroused just from your gentle touch
My hands slide down toy our stomach, pulling that tight tanktop off
Revealing your beautiful breasts and those hard nipples
Your hot breath onmy cock is so stimulating
The palms of my hand glide over your hard nipples
As I thrust my hips to and from your mouth
I cup your breasts in my hand, squeezing slightly, my thumbs rub your nipples
I move your hand allowing your hands to focus on me
I slid emy hand down to your pussy fingering you as you suck me
2 fingers deep inside you, and then all the way out to rub your clit
And then quickly back inside you, the motion is deep and fast. I move so easily in and out of your pussy
My cock so hard from you sucking me
I move away from you, I take your hands and place them on the back of the couch
You facing away from me
I meant bed...we started at the couch..sorry!
Your hands on the bed, leaning you over slightly
Spreading your legs a little as I move directly behind you
The tip of my cock brushes against your clit
And then with one quick hard, thrust I penetrate you
My cock deep inside your pussy, staying there for a few seconds rolling my hips making sure you feel every inch of me
I move away from you, sliding my cock almost all the way out
And then back inside
My motion is slow, am enjoying how good you feel
My hands move to your hips and I use your hips for leverage
My pace quickens
It is a faster pace, in and out
I move so our bodies slap together
Making sure you take all of me each time
I reach around and grab a hold of your tits
A little more intense as I am enjoying the moment
I take your nipples between my fingers and roll them, pinching them slighly
My cock still sliding in and out of you
I move with more intensity, my hands back to your hips
It is harder and deeper now
BArely able to hold back my cock exploding
I move with more passion, concentrating as I slam my cock in and out of your pussy
Holding back everything I want to let go just for a few more minutes
Not able to hold back anymore
(Where do you want me to cum?)
My knees get weak, my cock fully aroused
I shoot my hot load deep inside your wet pussy
An eruption inside you as I let it all out
Staying there, feeling your pussy clenching and then relaxing with each moment of your orgasm
I slide my hands gently up your back
Pull yor hair playfully to bring you towards me
And I kiss you passionately, that is the kind of neighbor I am I say
I scramble looking for my clothes not realizing you were married
Am right next door if you ever need anything
A whole week!! That means an awful lot of sex for me I smile back!!
Listening and enjoying everything you are saying!! Like I said I always aim to please!!
Whenever, wherever!!
You know if you giggle when a man is standing in front of you naked, you may give him a complex!!
Back door huh??
Sounds like a plan!
Sound, how about look!! I stroke my cock as it starts to stiffen.
I understand!! I hug you back, your touch is incredible I think to myself not wanting to let go
WOW!
3rd time!
You are amazing!
I get dressed and walk towards the door
I glance back, shaking my head in utter amazement
And walk out the door
That was fun!!
You are a damn sexy woman, at least your thoughts are!!
Thank You!! Do you have to leave? Or you going to tell me about yourself in real life, rathe rthan roleplay!
I understood!
Looks, and likes?
What do you do when you are not being a student?
Very Pretty!! At least what I am picturing!! HA HA
Nothing like a hot summer day to really get the day going
I would be intimidated by a super model...I am into real people!!
Does that make sense?
Your principle is right on!! Either way you look at, nothing to be jealous about
Just speaking the truth
Nothing wrong with what you are saying!!
It makes a lot of sense
A woman with drive as well!! Very sexy!
I do know that feeling!! I was more of a person who wanted to start the "real life" rather than keep staying in school
Thought about a master's but did not do that
Let alone you will be starting with a higher salary!!
You will, can tell that about you already!! You get what you want!!
That's a good thing!
Same here!! Has been raining non stop in good old Virginia!
True! Like watching them move in and then move away!
That's not bad either
I understand!! Have a great day and it was really nice meeting you!
Can I add you as a friend?
Cool!