22/m/chicago here
watsup babe
same here....i'm bored
hehe
whats it on?
haha ya
haha ya
so what do u plan on doing now that your not studying?
ya
kind of did....what do you look like?
i'm 6'2" ... 176 lbs...brown hair....green eyes
hehe
so what do you like to talk about?
oh really i'd like that
ya....so what is it about me an you that youd like to talk about ?
hah ya
we coudl do that
ya
hmmm....being with someone like you on a wednesday night
:-)
yea
what about you?
cuz i could maek your fantasies reality
hehe aright i'll drop em
so what are your fantasies?
thanks
so....what size are you?
why sometimes?
ohh i see
well what about right now?
nice :-)'
so....what are you wearing right now
sounds good to me
white shirt...boxers
hehe ya
so do you cyber
haha....i had to
ya me too :-) ....
why don't you start us off
at least get me excited :-)
whatever your favorite is
i'm Chad
i walk right over to you and take a seat next to you
i look straight at you....smiling as i extend my arm around your shoulder an pull you a bit closer
your really pretty
as move my face closer to you, and in a placid movement i begin to make contact with one anothers lips
i slowly slide my tongue into the small gap you'd givin me...and i slowly slither around in your mouth
as my other hand wraps around your waste pulling you closer to me
as my tongue continues....my right hand gradually moves up your shirt
finally reaching it's goals my right hand explores your chest area
pinching and squeezing....while my tongue locks along with yours
thank you sarah.....as i slide my tongue out of your mouth i make my had move towards your neck where i kiss around
as my hand is still moving around underneath your shirt
my tongue slowly rubs against your neck, and my lips gently peck.....as i begin to slide your shirt off of you
i take it off and toss it as i keep fondling with your chest and my lips gently kiss your neck
i love the feeling of those firm squeezes....as my head makes its way down to your bare chest
i slowly extend my tongue scraping your nipples with the tip of it
i then move my head a bit forward and use some more of my tonuge
i wrap my arms around you as my mouth takes in as much
first the right....then the left
mmm ... i make a small sound of delight .... i begin to suck harder
as i feel my cock begin to harden a bit more....i gnaw on your nipples
mmm i like the feelin of your hand sarah....as i keep working on your chest
my hands move down south of your chest while my mouth is still sucking...but my hands begin to unbutton your pants slowly
i feel you undo my pants as ido the same to yours
i then slowly slide your pants along with your panties off
yes please do so
i await you to unleash my cock from my boxers
i smile ... as i lie down on my back
i feel your bare body against mine and begin to kiss you back...as my hands are on your firm ass
as i rub my tongue is back in your mouth
i smile as i feel your hand fondling my balls
:-)
mmm i feel my tongue go deeper into your mouth
roughing it up
my hand that is on your ass slowly moves down a little more and rubs around your clit
mmm....would you ride me baby?
i smile back an await
i smile at you from your comment....and feel your tight clit move slowly down my shaft
mmm
uhh...i love the feeling....now move a bit faster sexy
mmm i feel my cock harden
i watch as your chest bounces and the arrousion you give to my cock
mm keep going baby
ohh yaa
sarah you feel so good.....as i feel my cock get wet from your insides
mmmm
oh ya baby....fuck me faster sarah
my cock gets harder as my sack shifts up
i love the sensational feeling
ahh you feel so good.....i feel cum moving up
mmm....just a little longer
sexy
i watch your pussy move up an down on my cock
as my cock tightens
i feel it coming up...at the tip of my cock
ohhhh...i let out a moan as i shoot straight into you
my cock throbs
as i pinch your tits
your hard nipples.....mmmmm
i then take you off an lie you down
on your back
and slowly begin licking your pussy
all the juices that were drooling out...i begin to lick
and in my tongue goes