(Wheeee!! Sorry I took so long... Someone with an actual, respectable scene!) I freeze when I hear you cough and turn to face you, the purse in my hand and a blush creeping over my face.
My mind searches frantically for an excuse, but it fails to deliver, all I manage to do is gape and then stutter out, "U- ummm...."
Ummm, well.....
n-n- no, sir...
But, it's not what you think!
I look back up at your face, almost panicked
I give you a funny look, "My boyfriend doesn't carry a- I mean, yeah! It's his. He, ummm... He said I could borrow some money."
My breath catches in my throat, and I look down at your hand on my waist, then back up at you.
I- I don't understand, sir...
I blush again, more deeply this time.
Y- yes, sir...
I stand in front of you, completely lost and unsure of myself
My eyes are wide and I'm having trouble breathing normally
Oh! Oh, yes, I mean- of course!
I look around the room from where I'm standing, and my eyes fall on my locker
Th- there it is!
I walk over to my locker, tripping over my own feet, but catching myself on the bench
Eeep!
I stand up again, straighten out my skirt (which I'm now acutely aware of) and sit on the bench in front of my locker
I open the door and pull out my bag
S- see? I have it.
I brandish it for you
y- y- yes, sir...
I stand back up and walk back to you, my face looking squarely at the ground in front of my own 2 feet
I hold the bag in both hands in front of me while I stand in front of you, facing you
I'm looking down at the bag, unable to raise my eyes to your face.
I gulp
yes, sir....
I unbutton my blouse slowly, reluctantly
I open it up and pull it off one arm, then let it slide off the other, revealing the cream bra that I'm wearing
I then reach down to the buttons on my blouse and start to slowly unbutton them as well
One, two, three
and the skirt is open enough to slip over my hips and down to the floor
I step out of my skirt on the floor and shove it off to the side, my eyes are still fixed looking straight down
but nowI can't help but realize that my matching cream bra and thong are exposed for you to see
Though at the moment, the way I'm looking, I can only see my bra...
My entire body blushes
N-n-no, sir....
I finally manage to bring my eyes up from the floor and I notice what you're doing, and my shock carries my eyes to your own eyes as I realize what you're feeling.
My knees grow weak and collapse underneat me, I fall to the floor on my ass, my legs open one to either side and my knees bent so my feet are almost back touching my ass
S- sir!!
What are you doing?
I'm looking up at you
(What, exactly, do you picture is in the gym kit, btw? :"> )
(Some tight gym shorts and a white t-shirt?)
(ok. :) )
yes, sir...
I reach for the gym bag, but my eyes are glued to you, watching you
I fumble with the zipper and open it up, spreading open my bag
I reach in with a hand and pull out my gym blouse and skirt. I stand up again holding the blouse
I put one hand into the arm of the blouse, then I twist around and put my other arm in
I pull the blouse forward over my body and close it
I start buttoning it from the bottom up, out of habit
one button, then two
Then the third and fourth buttons
The fourth button is the one immediately in front of and between my breasts.
And finally, the top fifth button
But my eyes remain glued to your hand between your legs
y- yes sir...
I open up the fifth button
I then turn around, and bend down to grab my gym skirt
Because the skirt's so small (for gym), I don't have to step into it.
It's a zipper all the way from the top to bottom of the skirt
I unzip it to open it up, facing away from you
Then I put the skirt around, over my hips
reaching behind me to try to line up the zipper
I'm having trouble getting it just right, but finally succeed
I zip the zipper up, then turn back around to face you
Concious of my cleavage showing
My eyes are drawn back to your hand between your legs and the obvious shape of your cock
I notice a wet spot on your pants where your precum's been dripping and I blush furiously again.
Y- yes sir.
I walk up to you, almost standing between your legs
I shuffle forward another few inches, now standing between your legs
My eyes move to your eyes, and I see the lust there....
I- I don't know anymore....
I'm completely lost, having no idea how to react in this situation
I stand in front of you, malleable.
my breath catches in my throat, a small gasp
but I don't pull away, instead my eyes half-close
then close completely
I feel the additional freedom you give my chest, unfastening the button over my breasts, then the one immediately under them
I sigh
My mind is imagining my boyfriend in front of me, sensuously undressing me, as it can't quite comprehend that it's you instead
I quietly sigh again, this time with the slight vocalization of a pleased sigh
I'm imagining Tommy, completely out-of-touch with reality
"mmm, Tommy...." I quietly whisper
I move my arms to let you take the bra completely off, helping you, imagining him
I feel your breath on my nipple and a quiet moan of anticipation escapes my mouth
mmm....
Oh, Tommy....
My hands rise to your head to hold it there, but I feel your haircut and realize it's not Tommy's crew-cut
I gasp and open my eyes again, jerked back into reality, seeing your tongue on my nipple
S- s- siirrr!
My exclamation turns into a quiet yelp of pleasure as you suck my nipple
mmmm... sirr.....
ahhh..... mmmmooooohhh.......
I try to keep my voice quiet, no longer caring who is treating my tender nipples so pleasurably.
I press my ass into your hands, feeling them gently squeeze
(err- hand, rather)
I wiggle my hips, letting you pull the zipper down unimpeded, however
I continue to quietly groan with pleasure, the hard walls of the locker room causing even these quiet expressions of pleasure to echo back to my ears
I hear myself, but I don't even realize that it's me.
mmmMMMmmmmmmm!
I forget to be quiet momentarily and release a louder moan of anticipation and desire
I press your head into my breast as much as my arms can to your strong body
Your head barely budges at all, but I hope that you understood that I desire you
The gentle pressure of your fingers on my mound causes another moan to escape my body
My pussy feels soaked with desire to me, I shift my hips to try to stimulate myself, but desiring you
I move my other hand to rest atop your hand on my thong
I press your hand onto me
I then move forward and slightly to the side, climbing up to sit on your knee where you placed my hand
Ahhhhnnnnnnn....!
The penetration of your finger that I've so desired causes an ecstatic shout
I lean forward and collapse onto your body, sitting on your leg, my head next to yours, hugging your body, pressing my chest against you as much I am able
[whoops! Outta' synch, we'll follow yours. :) ]
I stand straight in front of you, quietly gasping with pleasure as you finger my slit.
Ah!
Annggh.....!!
I'm having trouble standing, the pleasure starts to flow through me
I grab my own chest reflexively, as though holding my breasts might help me stay standing
My body waves with the motion of your finger and thumb, I squeeze and kneade myself trying to maintain balance
Ah, ah- ahnnnn, ohhhhh yess...!
AAaaaahhhnnn!!!
You push your finger into me, but my mind imagines a cock, a massive hot cock that I'm so desperate for.
I swallow down air, trying to breathe
My pussy muscles are squeezing your fingers, I feel them as though they belonged to someone else, my entire existence is focused on desire
I start to fall forward and catch myself on your shoulders, my eyes open only soon enough to recognize what you're doing
I open my mouth slightly for the kiss, inviting your tongue, before I open it further and practically suck your tongue into my mouth
My hands move from your shoulder around behind your strong neck until I'm huggin myself up to you
I stand there, my juices dripping down the inside of my thigh, my pussy lips and nipples swollen
Looking at you, confused
(still there?)
No, huh?
Ah, well. Fun while it lasted. Take care. :)
Ah, wb!
oooo... I didn't cause any problems by messaging, did I? :">
The one message was rather *ahem* not work-appropriate. ;)
I'm standing in front of you, an unsure look on my face, a drop of my juice running down my inner thigh
I look at the bulge in your underwear, then I look back up into your eyes
Whee! Thanks for msging me back- yahoo DC'd me.
Please say the last coupla' things again.
I look back down at your boxers and then at your face.
I grin and give you a quick nod
I step forward and then kneel down in front of you
I keep my face close to your boxers and experimentally dart my tongue out to lick the bulge
The heat is so arousing....
I slip a hand under the elastic on either side and start to pull your boxers down over the bulge, watching it, licking it lightly
Until your massive cock springs out and slaps me in the cheek
Eep!
I start licking your shaft as I finish pulling your boxers down over your knees and ankles
I slip the boxers off under your feet, then bring my hands back up to you
I start to findle your sack with one hand as I finger your cockhead with the other
Rubbing my finger around on your hot, sensitive head
Licking your shaft and looking up at you with your hand in my hair
I squeeze one of your balls gently, rolling it around in my hand as I start lightly sucking your shaft from the side with my mouth
Closing my lips around it like a cob of corn that I have to suck as I tease the sensitive triangle of skin underneath your cockhead with my finger
I start sucking your shaft towards its tip, closer and closer.
My hand on your cockhead moves to your shaft and starts to squeeze around it
My mouth reaches the tip of your cockhead when my hand reaches the base of your shaft
I suck your cockhead, trying to pull out your precum, anxious to please you
I beegin to stroke your shaft in time with your hip movement
I let you pull my head onto your cock, I swallow it down as it fills my throat
My tongue twists around it, my throat strokes it as I try to swallow when I can't anymore
I move my hand from your shaft around behind to your ass where I start to squeeze and roam my finger around toward your ass hole.
I begin moving my head up and down your shaft, sucking it, blowing it, loving it
Caressing your hot cock with my tongue
I tease your ass with my finger as my other hand begins squeezing and fondling your other sac, amazed at how tight and firm your sac has pulled up into your body, so strong
(err- ball, not sac. :"> )
I feel the pulse of your body, desperate for you, wanting you to cum
i realize that I want to serve the teacher, more than I ever wanted to serve anyone else...
I feel the cum starting to flow through your cock and I pull it so that only your cockhead is in my mouth, exploding onto my tongue where I can taste your hot, salty cum
I suck the cum from your mouth, feeling myself grow even wetter between my legs
err- from your cock
(sorry if I'm a bit ahhh, distracted.... My hands are kinda' busy too.. :"> :"> )
I let you pull my head further onto your cock again, swallowing it down, smearing your cum and my saliva all over the length
I swallow down your cum with your cock, enjoying the feel of it in my throat
I look up at you... looking in your eyes
I start playing with your shaft, making it hard again
licking it, teasing it, squeezing it, playfully nibbling it with my teeth
I close my lips around your hardening cockhead and suck more, feeling the remnants of your last cum drip into my mouth
now I slowly start to stand, letting your cock rub against my body and draw a line down it of my saliva mixed with your cum
I stand up, feeling your cock pressed against my belly, and I look into your face longingly
I stand there with you behind me
I let my head fall forward again, looking at the floor with my hands clasped in front of my waist, waiting.
I let you position me as you wish
my hands on the bench, bracing me
I let my head fall and look back between my hanging breasts and my legs where I see you standing behind me
I feel your cock press against me and I gasp in spite of myself
I moan quietly and relax as you begin to press
As your cock pushes further into me, I moan louder and louder
more hungrily
nnnnnnnNNNNGGGGAHAHAAAAAAAAAA!!!!
oooohhhhh myyyyy gawwwwwwwwwd!!
I cry out in a mixture of pleasure and pain, a virgin in my ass
(Eh!?!
(Did I miss omething?)
(Ahh, that's actually a good thing then. I was hoping you'd do that instead of the ass. :) )
I feel your cock inside my slick cunt, pumping
filling me up
I thrust my hips back against you, hungry, desperate
I feel my muscles pumping your cock, hungry for your cum
I hear a woman's voice screaming in ecstasy, but only recognize it as my own in an abstract sense
I feel my body gather up for an explosve orgasm
My back arches, my voice cries out, my cunt clenches down
I'm- I'm- I'm going to cum!
I suck your finger HARD as I feel the cum begin to pour out over your shaft
My vocalizations are now limited to gasps and moans, pure animal passion as I press myself back against your cock over and over
wanting your cum to mix with mine
P- please, sir! Hurry, cum inside me!
I shriek out again and feel my almost spent pussy muscles squeezing it out of your cock
I gasp and let my head rest on the bench, my eyes closed and my breath coming in small gasps before you pull me back upright and spin me aorund
I lean against you, eyes closed, relaxing slowly
I don't even notice your movement
relaxing slowly, glowing...
Eep!
I sit up quickly, my eyes open again, and remember where we are
Eh- hehheh. I smile and blush, then start putting my things back together again.
(end roleplay :) )
lol
That was a fun way to spend the morning. :)
Where are you at? What was that interruption?
;)
Eep!
Yeah, that was a potentially embarassing situation.
Good thing!
Is the computer in your bedroom or a living room or what?
My bedroom. Ohio, US.
My roomies and I decided that it would be worth our money to get a three-bedroom place instead of sharing. We'd all pretty much had enough sharing over the last 4 years.
I'm pretty much spent right now, sorry. ;) I do have other things that I should do today too. :D
I'm sorry! :((
Can you finish it off on my webpage?
That's what it's there for..., to get people off.
That's good, then. :)
The next time I update the webpage, do you mind if I add our log?
I don't have a mic, but I wouldn't use it right now even if I did. My roommates are only through one door, and they'd definitely know something was up if I started talking to my computer. ;)
I'd want to, but I can't right now. :( :(
Maybe next time. :)