is my younger sis, she still lives out there in the falls
24/m/waukesha,... relax not hittin on ya, ur from the falls, same age as my sis, was just wondering if ya knew her
its been years since i been out there in the falls
its a party town, always had some wild ones out there
when i was 14, i was expelled for the sec time from junior high
caught with pot on school grounds
yeppers
the part they found they kept
i didnt vring all my stash to school
bring
now i thinkin bout it, anna a year older then u, u might know jeol, or my cousin rebecca
ahhh ok,.. i was gonna say, its still a small town, everyone knows everybody
i been there,... is very diff
i dont see either of my folks,
there dead beats, pops i think may be in prison, and my mas is just crazy
i am over it, its been almost 10 yrs since i talked to em
drugs and younger girls
y my pops in prison
dont know, rumor has it like 15 yrs... but my older sis in texas told me, and she a crack head and talks a lot of shit, so i dont know if any of it is true
i have a few of em
they take me as i come, or not at all,... so if they care, they dont say nothin to me bout it,.. besides makes it fun, they compete with eachother
i not a player, i just dont want to be tied down, like to have my freedom. and i dont lie to them, they know i see other women, and they seem ok with it
y u sittin at home on a sat night?
y not go to one of the bowling alleys? kreugers was always a big hangout
the falls has 2 bowling alleys, b4 i left that was where we used to hook up at, then go from there
above average, scores around 150- 160
u try to hard,... thats ur prob
when u throw tha ball, dont think bout nuthin, and keep ur eye on the front pin
no probs
i live right across the street from a alley, i go there weekly
its nice i can drink all i want, dont have to worrie bout driven home, just have to walk across the street and enter my apart parking lot
i did too when i was young, some with sour apple pukers
now i drink my MGD, jack daniells, and brandy
its a taste that grows on u when u get oldder
i hated it till i was bout 19
ok, i guess i shoulda used diff words
that lil smily dude looks like he j/o
rollin on the floor like that
yea i know, used to be one of my favs
now i use this one a lot,...
the  is better though
it works good to get rid of the freaks
lol
then showing my cat on cam pisses the cyber freaks off,...
no she a lil sweaty
no i go into chat rooms, and say i showing pussy on cam, and have my cam pointed at my cat,... and the cyber-freaks get dissappointed and pissed off
yea its always good for a laugh
socks dont like the hate ims though
socks my kittys name
she is bout 10 months now
her name fits her good, looks like she wearing socks on her paws, and she loves sleeping in my sock drawer
she a brown and grey tabby, with a white chest and white feet
shes a girl
i saved her from a mean pet store, she was the last one of the litter sold, so the fuckers put her in a gerbal cage to make room for a new litter of kittens,... took me weeks to break her of playing in her liter box
yea she spoiled now,... i jealous of her at times, sleeps all day, plays all night, gets petted all the time,... my gfs treat her better then me at times
and then she can be a dork, at times she goes nuts, and makes me fall over laughin
yea, but she likes rubber bands, hair ties, milk carton rings, and other weird things better then most of her toys
and she found this ugly mint green hand towel that a ex left here, she carries that thing around with her,...
then when i plan to wash the damn thing, she will hide it from me. and when i get done doing the wash, she will bring it out and put it right on top of the clean laundry
yea, w/e said cats r dumb never had one,....
she learned how to slide the window open, and opens it like all the time
i wake up in the middle of the night cold as hell and here she is sleeping in the window
no she scared of being outside, i put her out one day, and she ran right back inside
no she a short hair cat
and i give her a lot of tuna fish, and that helps her not to shed so much
its what the vet told me when i took her in to get fixxed and her front claws removed
yep
ur ma kinda strict i take it
she must go out a lot
u the only child, or u stuck babysittin lots?
lucky u, with my pops in and out of lock up, i always had to babysit, mas would always go out
yea i member thos days
i used to sneak out and steal the car all the time
my pops did a few times
mas did do much dope, so she sleep right threw it
what were u doin when she came home early?
ouch, she freaked out
grounding never worked with me, i just laugh and walk out
its not a prob, i not a freak,
ur score dont matter just as long as u have fun
yea i can add ya
u must got 2 go?
ok
u online a lot?
yea i am
my lap top is always logged on, only when i am at work is it off
mon-fri 6 am to 230pm
yea my job is a blast, i play with fire 3x a week, and the rest of the time i fuck off and milk the clock
well actually i work in a foundry and melt metal and pour the molten metal into sand molds
but it is fun and i do play with fire
i used to, i sold my last bike to help a gf out of some debt she got herself into
then i got hurt at work, was laid out in bed for a few months, went broke, now i tryin to get caught up again
droped a casting on my foot, and broke it in 3 places
castings r what our finished probuct is at work, its when the molten metal cools and the sand mold is broken away
u can break ur arm, or a leg, but dont break ur foot, takes 4ever to heal, and hurts like hell
yea, day-time tv was the worse part, nutin but soaps on
yes they suck
i rather stay up all night and watch the info-mersial then soaps
but now things r cool again, foots finally better and i back to work haven fun
now i just got to get a few over due bills payed, buy a new car, and a new bike, and i will be happy
i use my room mates car sometimes, my car got stolen on new years eve
i had a ex from ky wv area, she was always deppressed
she was a cutter too, would drive me nuts
she would cut herself and watch herself bleed
cuz she was nuts i guess
i gave up on her, and broke up with her, couldnt take it
knew that one day i show up at her apartmen and she be dead or somethin
my ma was fucked in the head, so i not gonna have a gf that is fucked in the head too
i dont understand y ppl live there lives so shitty, if it suxs then change it
i grew up in a drug infested, wife-beating, ahild abuseing home, and one day i got sick of all the shit and left. never gone back. its easy to make changes
child not ahild
yea its sad, but u cant choose ur family. the way i see it, u either have to put up with it, or get out of it, and i choosed to get out
at least ur get privacy, i never did
thats where u have friends to help out
yea i bet
thxs
yea i should be
besides bowling what r u into? what things do u do?
ok
bet u cant wait till summer then
what kind of click u hang with? jocks, preps, goths, etc.?
ok
ok
sounds good
hey,.. whats up?
good,... thx, and u?
was a lazy day,... spent most of it sleepin
which one?
yea that be the closest mall to u
i need to go there tomm and pay my cable bill
i have everything,
except the movie channel, never anything good on so i canceled it
u have digital, or just basic cable?
i bought a pirate filter so i get everything w/o haveing to pay for it all
yea comes in handy
yea ur to young to have bills to pay
babysittin dont pay well,
there a few places u could prob get work at
like the bar and grill off of main street, they always need wait staff
its more then a bar, its a resturant too
relax is cool, i understand ya fine
u deal with the cops out there yet?
just asking,... ur lucky, they big assholes out there
what ur plans for the week?
bet it will be
ur go to north or east for school
?
they still have that stupid stereo room downstairs by the locer rooms?
i dont know what it was called, but they used to play modern music after lunch for the freshman class, it was in a class room near the gym locker rooms
they musta stopped that then
sometimes i do
ur kinda quite 2nite
is ok, no need 4 srys
dont know
working and no new plans yet
yeppers
its jared
hi jerri
yes i like it
not sure yet
food focus i think
ford
most of the cars i buy r sporty
no i was on the phone
i was just lettin u know
but i off the phone now,
i wouldnt say that, she is more like a possible futcher gf
but i not sure yet
she kinda the dumb blond type, i dont like that type to much
yea i know, i saw ur pic on ur pro, but i didnt mean hair color, i mean she not all that smart
she more tits, no brains
ur pro says ur single, r u?
i surprised u dont have one now, if that pic on ur pro is u, ur a lil hottie
then with ur mas being gone alot, is a added plus for any guy
i think i a lil to old for u doll,
i used to work out, but since i got hurt at work i kinda got lazy
i never said u were a kid, but i am 10 yrs older then u
yea i know what u mean,
but hooking up with a guy my age would ruin ur highschool dateing experience
