urgrl21f Thanks. :) I certainly had fun helping to make them. :D
urgrl21f Which one did you like the most?
urgrl21f :D
urgrl21f I got pretty excited too. ;)
urgrl21f Sal and I actually had that log less than 2 months ago.
urgrl21f I haven't been able to get online with her since, tho'. :((
urgrl21f It can be, true.
urgrl21f No trick that I know, either, besides luck of the draw. Happen to be online and in the same room with one.
urgrl21f Heehee! I thank you. ;) And I thank you for not PMing me with the word "hi" as well. :D
urgrl21f So, did you have something in mind when you PMd me? Or did you only want to compliment me on my website? 0:)
urgrl21f I was rather hoping you had something more in mind. :"> What sort of fantasy would you like to act out?
urgrl21f Would you rather I be single or no?
urgrl21f I admire your body through the window and feel my familiar urges once again as I watch you. I decide that this time, though, I'm going to do something more than hide in my bedroom with my hand between my legs.
urgrl21f I pull some freshly-made lemonade out of the refrigerator and walk out to my front door with it.
urgrl21f [What's your name?]
urgrl21f [I'm Sarah]
urgrl21f I admire your muscular build again as I walk out the door, stunned for a moment before I can find my voice to call out to you
urgrl21f [heehee! Hello, Shane!]
urgrl21f Shane? Shane! You look hot out there!
urgrl21f I chuckle to myself at the double meaning and hold up the container with the lemonade
urgrl21f How'd you like something to drink?
urgrl21f I smile at you, shuddering to myself when I realize that your walking toward me.
urgrl21f I'm wearing tight cutoff shorts and a t-shirt. Panties and bra are pink.
urgrl21f I rest a hand on your shoulder as you walk up to me, thrilling in the feel of your muscular tone underneath my hand. I squeeze your shoulder as I guide you into my house and close the door behind us with the other hand.
urgrl21f I lead you to the small kitchen table and offer you a seat
urgrl21f I apologize for my house not being much cooler than it is outdoors. I've never been able to afford air-conditioning. The best way I've found to keep it cool is to keep all the shades closed.
urgrl21f I don't want you to think that I'm a shut-in.
urgrl21f I smile at you again as I grab a couple glasses from the cupboard and set them down on the table.
urgrl21f I plunk a few ice cubes into each glass and open the container, pouring in the lemonade, feeling your eyes on my back.
urgrl21f I shiver with pleasure, hoping that you want me as much as I want you.
urgrl21f I walk up behind you and put one hand on your shoulder while I set your glass of lemonade down in front of you, leaning over you to do so.
urgrl21f I feel my breasts brush against your body and barely manage to swallow back a sigh of pleasure.
urgrl21f I look down your hard, chiseled chest at your crotch, wondering what I'll see of your cutoffs.
urgrl21f I start to massage your neck and shoulders, absorbed in your presence.
urgrl21f So, Shane, how's life been treating you?
urgrl21f I barely manage to not stumble over my own words, I'm so preoccupied with you.
urgrl21f I let my body sway forward, my hips pressing against your chair and my breasts softly pressing against the back of your head
urgrl21f I smile and take a shuddering breath as I feel your hands on my calves. I lean my head down to talk softly into your ear.
urgrl21f Oh yeah? Why's that?
urgrl21f I giggle, smile, and teasingly lick your ear.
urgrl21f Our timing's all wrong then, because I've gotten up early many mornings to watch you get ready for school.
urgrl21f I let my massaging hands travel down your chest, now, feeling the firm strength of your pecs.
urgrl21f I lean down and sensuously kiss your forehead
urgrl21f A man like you is what I've been waiting for all my life, Shane.
urgrl21f I fall asleep at night thinking about you, imagining you lying in the bed next to me.
urgrl21f [k]
urgrl21f I feel your fingers slipping under my shorts and I sigh happily to myself, letting my body sink down to sit in your lap with my arm around your neck.
urgrl21f I respond to your kiss with enthusiasm, feeling a thrill between my legs as our lips touch and open for eachother.
urgrl21f I press myself to you, pressing my clothed chest against your bare one, flexing my bottom's cheeks while your hands squeeze me.
urgrl21f I finally get my body in the position I've so long desired, my legs spread one on either side of you, kissing you, with my chest pressed up against yours.
urgrl21f I feel how wet I am as I arrange myself to feel your excitement
urgrl21f I start to move my body, grinding you, letting you feel my own desire through my instinctive movements.
urgrl21f I reach my hand down to lift my shirt up over my breasts after unfastening my cutoffs
urgrl21f I feel the zipper pull open, they're so tight, revealing my pink panties
urgrl21f I pull my shirt completely off, exposing my bare breasts to your hands and fingers.
urgrl21f I moan quietly when you pinch my nipples
urgrl21f Mmmm, Shane....
urgrl21f I pull myself forward to kiss you again, deeply and firmly, pressing my breasts up against you, squeezing your hands between my breasts and your own firm chest.
urgrl21f I feel my panties growing wet with my juice as my body begins to sweat with passion. I moan excitedly with every turn of your fingers, feeling our moans mix in our tongues.
urgrl21f I suck your tongue into my mouth and squeeze myself to you even harder.
urgrl21f My breath catches in my throat, a pleasured whimper escaping from our kiss
urgrl21f I arch back away from you and wrap my legs around you as you run the ice cube over me, melting the cold water on my nipple.
urgrl21f I step out of my panties and cutoffs, leaving my legs slightly spread as I watch you kissing me. I'm concious of moisture dripping down the inside of my thigh and I shiver with pleasure as you start sucking me behind my knees.
urgrl21f mmm- mmm!
urgrl21f I realize that Shane, the man I've been fantasizing about for years, is licking me between my legs and I can't control my little ecstatic whimpers of pleasure
urgrl21f I start rubbing and tweaking my breasts and nipples, both pairs of my lips spreading slightly
urgrl21f Ahhn- oh, Shane!
urgrl21f Mmmmmaaahh!
urgrl21f I drop my hands down to your head and press my hips against your mouth.
urgrl21f Aaaaaah! Oh- Oh, Shane! NnnggAA! Just tell- tell me what you want me to do! ahhhnnnnn- !
urgrl21f I feel my pussy lips spreading for your tongue, my juices dripping out quickly only to be lapped up by your warm tongue licking me there.
urgrl21f aaaAHHNNG!!
urgrl21f I feel myself caught up in the ecstasy now, unconcious of anything not between my legs
urgrl21f Oh- Oh, Shane- Tell me what you want! Ahhnnnn- please! Please tell me I can cum for you!
urgrl21f I feel my pussy muscles pumping my empty pussy, ready to cum from clitoral play
urgrl21f I lean down over the bare-chested 17 year old eating me out and I grit my teeth, feeling myself about to cum
urgrl21f I will, Shane! I'm going to cum for you!
urgrl21f Ahn! That's it! aaahaaahhhhhhhhh!!
urgrl21f My body spasms with ecstasy as I feel my cum pouring out into your waiting lips around my pussy
urgrl21f My breath is deep and gasping as I feel your face pressed into my crotch
urgrl21f Shane- Oh, Shane! This is so much better than I ever imagined!
urgrl21f Oh- oh god! Shane!
urgrl21f I'm holding myself up with my hands on the table, unable to support my own weight I've cum so furiously
urgrl21f I feel your head pull away and I open my eyes to look at you, my body slick and shining, drenched with sweat
urgrl21f I breathe deeply, trying to catch my breath, and smile back at you
urgrl21f Shane.... I've dreamed of that every night for years...
urgrl21f I let myself down to sit on the floor, facing you, then I reach forward and unfasten your own cutoffs.
urgrl21f Now, please, let me put you inside me...
urgrl21f I look at you pleadingly, you barely more than half my own age.
urgrl21f I delicately pull your pants and underwear down, letting your cock spring up out of its restraint
urgrl21f I stroke it lightly, exploring your shaft with my fingers as I drag my body toward yours
urgrl21f I'm barely concious of the wetness that I leave on the floor wherever my pussy touches
urgrl21f I put my hands on your shoulders and lift myself up, still wanting to feel you inside me
urgrl21f I slowly let myself down on your cock, impaling my pussy with your length, sighing as I feel you fill me up.
urgrl21f Unh! Oh, Shane... You feel so good inside me...!
urgrl21f I let you thrust my body up from within my pussy with your cock
urgrl21f I start to bounce up and down on you, first slowly...
urgrl21f then faster and faster
urgrl21f Fuck me, Shane. Please, fuck me!
urgrl21f I've never been so horny in the entire 30 years of my life!
urgrl21f Please, Shane! Please, let me feel you ram your cock!
urgrl21f Ah, yes, shane! That's it! Take me! I'm all yours, Shane... enjoy me!
urgrl21f I conciously press my chest forward against you, into your mouth
urgrl21f Aaaah!
urgrl21f I arch my back in ecstasy, my pussy spasming around your cock
urgrl21f I throw my hair back, leaning back so far that only the strength of your hot, long cock inside me keeps me from falling back
urgrl21f I wrap my legs around your body, trying to hold your massive strength inside me.
urgrl21f I scream out with each thrust, my tender clit growing excited again in spite of itself
urgrl21f I let you hold my body up with your hands, leaning back into them as I bounce on you, your cock pounding into me every second
urgrl21f I reach my hands forward and wrap them around your neck
urgrl21f I sense your increasing tension and cry out
urgrl21f Oh, Shane!
urgrl21f That's it, cum inside me, Shane!
urgrl21f I squeeze your cock inside my pussy, this time my pussy muscles squeezing something other than themselves
urgrl21f I feel your pre-cum mixing with my own juice inside me
urgrl21f I'm lost in the pleasure, screaming out your name
urgrl21f AaaaAAHHH!!!!
urgrl21f I feel you explode inside me and your hot, sticky cum pushes me over the edge
urgrl21f I feel my own cum pour forth once again, surrounding your cock and mixing with your cum inside me.
urgrl21f I pull myself to you and hold my body against yours, letting your hot, hard cock pulse inside me, my pussy milking all the cum it can out of your shaft.
urgrl21f I pant your name...Shane... Shane...
urgrl21f I respond to your kiss as my body relaxes, finally fulfilled
urgrl21f I relax against you, complete.
urgrl21f I gotta' go. :(
urgrl21f Great. :) I'm glad you had fun. I did. :)
urgrl21f heehee! Good. I'm not the only one about to take a shower then. ;)
urgrl21f later! :x