Mr.N Very interesting page..O.o
urgrl21f Heehee! You like? ;)
Mr.N I do...haven't even really started readin' lots, yet...but it's an interestin' idea.
Mr.N I wouldn't be surprised if ya have a bunch of video tapes in your house, too...*L*
urgrl21f lol
urgrl21f Now *that's* something that's only for me to know. ;)
Mr.N Oh? I'll figure out where ya live. Just gimme a few years. O.o
urgrl21f I'll make it a little easier- I do like in NW Ohio.
urgrl21f err-
urgrl21f like = live
Mr.N I kinda figured that. :)
Mr.N Have any wild parties in NW Ohio?
urgrl21f There are wild parties everywhere, you just need to know the right people and know the right places. ;)
Mr.N Mhmmm...most of the really wild ones I went to were in New Orleans, though.
Mr.N SO...*ploppin' down next to ya* Is this one of the ways you're 'watched'? :)
urgrl21f I'm not quite sure what you mean. :"> I didn't get out of bed that long ago and my brain's still a little groggy
Mr.N Oh? I should take advantage of that. *L*
urgrl21f lol
Mr.N Ya laugh lots while yer wakin' up? *pokin' yer tummy*
urgrl21f I'm just a generally cheerful, innocent person. 0:) lol
Mr.N Oh? I'm sure you are...mhmmm.....yup...
Mr.N Sub tendencies, eh? What do you lean toward, cheerful, innocent person?
urgrl21f Heehee! Cheerful, innocent young woman taken advantage of? ;)
Mr.N Oh? Do I get ta watch? :p
urgrl21f lol, the webpage isn't enough? :p
Mr.N Hmmm...my current...odd fantasy..is a Dom guy...with a female volunteer..helpin' me turn my girly into my own personal wench...*L* Then again...things never really go as planned, eh?
urgrl21f Hmm.... Sounds interesting. :) Requires another woman, though, and it's always hard to keep everyone there for a threesome.
Mr.N O.o
Mr.N I just use my imagination.
Mr.N Want coffee?
urgrl21f Oh, come on now! A fantasy that much fun needs to have two women playing along. :D
urgrl21f Yeah, I suppose I could use some. lol :">
Mr.N Heh...who says you'd get ta do anything with the other fem, eh?
urgrl21f Well, in that situation, you'd say. ;)
Mr.N *L* No...I'm not the dom guy...but it'd be my girly, so ya might not get to. :p
Mr.N Unless yer really nice to me, of course. :D *L*
urgrl21f lol
Mr.N Think ya can fix a mean glass of chocolate milk?
urgrl21f lol, I dunno... I think I can handle it!
Mr.N Oooh...good..not too many movin' parts for ya. :)
urgrl21f 0:)
Mr.N Heh...I have a feelin' that halo's gonna be twisted around someone's wrists, eventually. :p
urgrl21f lol, Could be, could be. :p
Mr.N So...think ya'd volunteer to be the visual assistant for some incredibly cute guy...not knowin' exactly what ya might be doing?
urgrl21f Sounds exciting. ;)
Mr.N Ohh? Mmmm...well...you'd have myself and another person watching it all, too...:)
urgrl21f Isn't that the point? ;) lol
Mr.N Heh. *butt swat* I suppose. One of the points, anyway. :p
urgrl21f :p
Mr.N So...ya should get ta do stuff with the girly?
urgrl21f Hmm, I love to do stuff, but if it's your fantasy, it's all up to you. :x
Mr.N Good point. :D I'll be..relatively nice to ya.
Mr.N mmm...so...small gathering...at...some random incredibly cute guy's place...there we go...warm weather is a must...*nods*
urgrl21f *nods*
Mr.N And you...lookin' attractive with yer...O.o...shortish hair an' glasses. :)
Mr.N Not that I'd notice...if I were with my girl...
urgrl21f ;)
urgrl21f My hair in RL is about shoulder-length, pretty straight, and brunette. ;)
Mr.N Mmm...won't be pulling it much, then. :)
urgrl21f ;)
urgrl21f It's about what you described
urgrl21f Just a tad longer than my shoulders. :)
Mr.N We won't hafta pull yer hair, though. :) He's alllllllllllllllllllll prepared.
Mr.N *makin' sure I'm sittin' between you two, while lookin' like I didn't mean ta sit between you two* 0:)
urgrl21f I lean up against you (What clothes am I wearing for you?)
Mr.N Well...whatever ya'd normally wear, of course.
Mr.N I'm a blue jeans kinda guy...an' she...hmmm...would have jeans an' some kinda backless shirt. :)
Mr.N An' after a few drinks...I'm sure the leaning would go..'unnoticed'. :D
urgrl21f Ok, I'm wearing tight, relatively low blue jeans, matching sheer black thong and low-cut bra, and a spaghetti-strap shirt
Mr.N Ohhhh.....mmmmm.....*findin' it tough not to see ya there...feeling ya leaning against me*
urgrl21f I look at you, wondering what's going to happen
Mr.N *watching him during a lull in the conversations moving to you..whispering..askin' ya to go to his bedroom with 'im for a few minutes*
Mr.N mwahahaha. :p
Mr.N Would ya be horribly upset if he put a shock collar on you? :) One that didn't work, of course.
urgrl21f He can if he likes.
Mr.N He likes.
urgrl21f I smile softly and nod
Mr.N *sippin' my drink after a few minutes pass by...wonderin' when you're coming back an' watching him walk down the hall over to us*
Mr.N And...we're told, similar to the story he told you, that we're gonna get to watch ya do all manner of things...we'll have to wear these collars, but they don't work..only yours does.
Mr.N I think I'd agree to that. :) Who knows..I might even get lucky...an' I could always tell the girly I only did whatever 'cause I didn't wanna get shocked. ;)
urgrl21f ;)
Mr.N An' to think...this all prolly started with some joke a few weeks ago...that I'd like my girly to drink my cum from some other girl. :o
Mr.N *followin' him to the bedroom as we put the collars on..with her not knowin' that ours don't work*
urgrl21f I'm in the bedroom, waiting, and smile at you two when you waln in
urgrl21f walk
Mr.N We can waln in if you'd like. :)
Mr.N *smiling back as he closes the door...fiddlin' with the knob..probably locking it, then looks over at you and tells you to strip..giving you a mild shock to get ya started*
urgrl21f I yelp quietly when I feel the shock
urgrl21f Hey.. I thought you said-
urgrl21f My eyes get wider and I stop talking, realizing that he may shock me again
urgrl21f I look at you and your girl, then back at him.
Mr.N *I start wonderin' myself if they really don't work...watching you...an' glancing at him*
Mr.N *ya feel another mild shock...as his foot starts tapping*
urgrl21f Eep!
urgrl21f I take off my shirt, glaring at him
urgrl21f Trying to make the strip as non-sensual as possible
Mr.N *he hardly notices..turning to us...an' tellin' my girl that I'd like 'er to be my cum whore or somethin'...(totally not what I said!)...an' we might as well strip, too*
urgrl21f I then unfasten my jeans and lean over, pushing them down off my legs
urgrl21f I step out of my jeans and sit on the bed, now just wearing my black thong and matching bra
Mr.N *turnin' to 'er..looking back and forth at both of you..while she slowly undoes her jeans..comin' to the conclusion that hers works just fine as well..an' I can't help but smile a little*
urgrl21f I eye you, your girl, and him, growling ever-so-quietly in the back of my throat when my eyes settle on his face
urgrl21f I reach up to the collar and start trying to take it off
urgrl21f I can't take off the collar, it's somehow locked around my neck
Mr.N *I see his hand move...an' you get a stronger zap this time...his smile is pretty big as mine fades a little* It only gets stronger...keep screwin' around. :)
urgrl21f "Fuck you, asshole!" I shout at him. "I was willing to fuck you! Isn't that enough? You have to drag these two poor people in here too?"
Mr.N Two? *feeling a zap of my own as he hits all three of us...telling me I should be stripping...as well as my girl...an' glaring at you...practically hissing for ya to shut yer lips*
Mr.N *my smile totally gone now as I get my jeans off..watching my girl remove 'er panties completely and go to work on untyin' the back of the shirt*
urgrl21f The shock causes a small spasm in my back, getting stronger. I lick my lips and just continue to glare at him.
urgrl21f I reach behind myself and unclasp my bra, letting it fall from my chest, trying to avoid the inevitable shock that would be forthcoming.
urgrl21f I slip my panties down and kick them off across the room, taking care to keep my legs closed
Mr.N *my girl an' I are undressed...wondering what the hell's goin' on and totally unprepared for this*
urgrl21f I sit with my arms crossed across my chest
Mr.N "You two..get over here and kneel", he says quietly...an' we both walk over..not wanting him to shock us again..kneeling on the floor at the spot he's pointing at...when he turns to you..telling you to bend over the edge of the bed
urgrl21f I stand up off the bed and turn to face it, my back towards you three.
urgrl21f Keeping my feet together, I lean forward and lean on my hands on the bed
Mr.N *watching him kick, not too hard, but I know you felt it..and push your legs apart*
urgrl21f I spread my legs apart, angry but having to submit
Mr.N (hmmm...what kinda guy should we have here...reeeeeeeeeeally mean? Just a bit mean?)
urgrl21f (Totally up to you. :) )
Mr.N *hearing his zipper..my eyes going back and forth between you an' the girly.....as he strips down..smiling again*
urgrl21f I lean down further, on my elbows now, so I can look between my legs at what he's doing
urgrl21f I hear the zipper
Mr.N *smiling a little...wondering if he's going to make you go down on him as I take you from behind so my girly can drink from you...'til I see him moving up behind you..*
urgrl21f I feel myself getting excited in spite of myself, the presence of such a strong man beginning to have an almost intoxicating effect on me.
urgrl21f Combined with the mild buzz I had from the drinks earlier, I'm still angry but the fact that people are watching this man prepare to take me causes my nipples to grow hard in spite of my anger
Mr.N mmm...me, too...but because I think I'm going to get to move in front of you..:)
Mr.N *still looking at you...I'm taken by surprise when he tells me to rub his cock against you 'til he's wet enough to slip in...an' I just look up at 'im...dumbfounded...'til I get a longer, stronger jolt....an' I move forward...doing as he says...an' trying not to think about it...even when I feel your eyes on me*
urgrl21f I wait for him, breathing deeply, the situation beyond my control.
urgrl21f I watch you walk up, another well-built man, definitely more attractive than he is.
urgrl21f I suddenly realize that you're the strong guy I was trying to get to pay attention to me before I came in here, teasing you with while you were talking to your girl
Mr.N O.o
Mr.N *blushing a little...feeling him throb as I rub 'im against you...dripping soon...with your juices an' a bit of precum...until he finally slips in...an' I think maybe I'll just get a blowjob from my girl afterall..*
urgrl21f I then realize that I'm fully exposed to you, your hand rubbing his cock against my pussy before it slips in to my wetness.
urgrl21f I moan quietly with pleasure when your hand accidentally rubs against my clit, watching you lustfully as he impales me on his cock
Mr.N *watching him sliding the entire length of his cock into you slowly...more an' more...until you've taken him all...and with one hand on your hip...he begins moving slowly...an' I inch over to my girl*
urgrl21f mmmmm....
urgrl21f I begin to moan as he pumps me now, filling me up
urgrl21f I watch you inching over to your girl and I admire both of your bodies, thinking how lucky you two are to have eachother as he pushes into me once again
Mr.N *reaching out slowly...I graze my hand over 'er as we watch you...feeling her shake slightly...nervous as hell...wondering why we have to watch this*
urgrl21f I understand how wet I am because I know that she's watching us fuck as you approach her, and then I understand that I enjoy it.
urgrl21f I enjoy being fucked by strong men, and I enjoy being watched while I do it.
urgrl21f I moan louder now, the understanding letting me enjoy him as well
Mr.N *moving my hand in front of 'er slightly....I tease...rubbing...slipping over 'er...and finally in...both our eyes locked on your hips...and him sliding in...*
urgrl21f I try to make eye-contact with you or your girl between my legs every time his pump moves his leg enough to allow line-of-sight between us
urgrl21f I moan more, groaning in pleasure at his long, hot, strong cock
Mr.N *watching you...still a little embarassed at what you saw...but getting over it quickly when I see your face...the pleasure you seem to be receiving...*
urgrl21f I see the contact our eyes make with eachother and a I smile, knowing that you've seen my pleasure
Mr.N *as he speeds up...I remember my finger...and my girly...an' start moving again...thinking I should move her in front of me..*
urgrl21f Fuck him, girl- mmmmmmmmm- let him fuck you! Ohhh, mmmmeaahhhhh.... I want you two to fuck eachother while waa- ah-ah- ahhhnnnnngg, watching me!
urgrl21f I moan
Mr.N *I start moving behind 'er..an' we both get shocks from hell...seconds before he starts slamming into you...groaning as he gets closer...his balls tightening*
urgrl21f Ooooh, gawwwwd, let them fuck, man!
urgrl21f I start pumping back against his slams, fucking him back
urgrl21f Trying to please him enough to let you two enjoy eachother
urgrl21f I throw my head back to yelp in ecstasy on one really deep slam, my hair flying back before it falls around my head again
Mr.N *his moaning fills the room..when he pushes in hard...splashing cum into you...his cock throbbing hard inside you while he drains..spurt by spurt*
urgrl21f Mmmmm!
urgrl21f I continue fucking back against him, flexing my pussy muscles with his cumming cock inside me, milking him
urgrl21f Yes, oh yes! Cumming inside me!!
Mr.N *watching you take every last drop as he fills you...his breath catching...while he slides out..dripping on you a few times as he slowly stands...flushed...*
urgrl21f I stay in the same position, breathing deeply, my eyes closed
urgrl21f I can feel the hot drips of cum on my ass as some of his cum starts dribbling out of my slit
Mr.N *as soon as he's recovered enough...he's talking...* Ok...soon-to-be cum whore..get over there and use that tongue...clean her out. :)
urgrl21f My pussy muscles are still flexing, still hot
Mr.N *I start movin'...'cause my girl's not bi...and get zapped again before I get beyond an inch...an' I can tell she was, too*
urgrl21f I moan quietly in anticipation
Mr.N *gettin' a bit nervous myself...wondering if she'll actually drink his cum or not..'til she starts shuffling over on her knees...more concerned about us getting shocked than anything else...an' placing her lips over your slit...licking slowly*
urgrl21f I open my eyes again when I feel her lips on mine and I moan quietly again, with pleasure.
urgrl21f I quietly whisper, "Mmmm, what's your name, girl?"
Mr.N *ya barely make out 'er sayin' , "Alicia"*
Mr.N Mmm..what's yours? O.o
urgrl21f I'm Sarah, Alicia...
urgrl21f I move my hips slowly in time with her licking, trying to make it easier for her, realizing that she's probably never done this before.
Mr.N *I watch closely...excited from seeing this..'cept for the fact that it's someone else's cum..when he speaks again* You can stop when she's cleaned out...or had an orgasm. Whichever comes second. :)
urgrl21f I moan again when he says that
urgrl21f Finger my clit, Alicia.... Finger me while you're cleaning me out... I'm close after him fucking me...
urgrl21f mmmm
Mr.N *watching her hand move up...fingers sliding over you...moving the way she enjoys as her tongue continues lapping his cum out...her throat working every few seconds as she swallows more*
urgrl21f Oooh, Alicia... you're doing so welll....
urgrl21f aaahhhh....
Mr.N *seeing him pulling your shoulders...mebbe I get oral now..........but he's just getting you up so you're kneeling over her...dripping cum into her mouth...and on 'er face sometimes.*
urgrl21f I try to grab his cock and play with it as she licks me clean, but I miss twice because of her cleansing causing my entire body to spasm
urgrl21f My breath catches in my throat as I begin to reach the edge, Alicia's tongue working magic on me
Mr.N *I slide a little closer...watching 'er tongue..when he tells me to get up onto the bed..lying down near you...*
Mr.N *hopping up there...my hips very near your head..thinkin'...Finally. :)
urgrl21f Alicia, oh yess! Alicia, I'm so close!
urgrl21f My pussy is spasming around her tongue, I realize that she can probably tell I'm close without me telling her
urgrl21f Her tongue flicking inside me, cleaning his cum.
urgrl21f I begin to instinctually fuck her tongue, pressing my hips against her face
urgrl21f mmmmmmMMmmmmaahhhhhhlicciiiaaaaaaaa!!
Mr.N *moving a bit more to see everything...loving the look on your face as you cum...smiling up at you*
urgrl21f I cry out in ecstasy, feeling my own orgasmic cum starting to pour out over her tongue and onto her face
urgrl21f My eyes are closed, my neck and backed arched in ecstasy
Mr.N *he takes your hand...wrapping it around my cock as you shudder...and steps back while you enjoy*
urgrl21f I feel the hot hard shaft in my hand and squeeze it, hard, and without any concious thought I dive down on it, sucking for all I'm worth
urgrl21f My cheeks cave in around your shaft, I feel the inside of my cheek pressed against your shaft
urgrl21f My body continues to spasm, I'm no longer sure if Alicia is still trying to clean me out, or just enjoys what she's doing
Mr.N *while you work on my cock..he starts talking again....* "Don't make 'im cum unless you wanna see 'im doing the same thing yer doing now. I'm gonna have a seat and watch for a bit, myself. :)
urgrl21f I grab your sac and squeeze it once, feeling how firm and hard your balls are, before treating them more gently again
urgrl21f I'm not sure what to do, I'm so horny and desperate, but I don't know if you want to do this too.
Mr.N *hearing what he said...I try to relax...an' not enjoy it so much...while he pulls alicia away to sit on his lap...and I can tell by her face that he's in 'er...without a condom..*
urgrl21f I continue sucking, trying to do it cautiously but too caught up in the ecstasy of Alicia's continued tonguing and fingering to be very successful
urgrl21f I feel Alicia get pulled away and I try to slow down, try to take it easy.
urgrl21f I fail, now explicitly aware of my cum having poured out and soaking not only Alicia, but my inner thighs as well.
urgrl21f I want to taste your cum
Mr.N *quivering slightly...feeling your tongue hard at work...not hearing the door open and close...not knowing what's going on until I look over again...and see her standing...bent over...him behind 'er...someone else using her mouth...both moving hard and fast..*
urgrl21f I caress your balls, tickling them with one fingernail
urgrl21f I start playing with your cockhead, tasting it, closing my lips around only it
urgrl21f I suck it like a lollipop, trying to pull your cum
urgrl21f I circle it with my tongue as my second hand moves around behind your ass to start fingering you
Mr.N *whispering for you to stop...as I push against you...squeezing slightly and letting a bit of precum out..from the corner of my eye I see the one in her mouth moving...her face looks a bit wet..and someone outside my field of vision walks up....lifting her head to 'is cock*
urgrl21f I pull off your cock and look up at you, still fingering your ass with one fingernail
urgrl21f He told me to suck you...
urgrl21f ... and I saw the way you were watching me- isn't this what you wanted?
urgrl21f I lick up and down your shaft, like a cob of corn
urgrl21f Lightly nibbling, but this time leaving your cockhead alone
Mr.N Well...yeah...but...mmm...*feeling your finger and tongue...working on me..eyes closing again...not even knowing what they're doing to my girl*
urgrl21f I move the hand from your ass to your shaft and start stroking you as I move my body up slightly to look at your face.
urgrl21f Are you worried about your girl, Alicia?
urgrl21f I lick your chest, the delicate nipple on your strong pec
urgrl21f It felt to me like she enjoyed it.
Mr.N *moving in your hand...forgetting every few seconds that I'm trying not to cum...* Well..maybe...but she wasn't like this...didn't want anyone but me...an'...they're.....taking turns with 'er...
urgrl21f She'll be a different woman when they're done, and I think you'll like the change...
urgrl21f I nibble your nipple this time, lightly biting your chest
Mr.N Ow...*feeling my cock squeeze...quite a bit of precum oozing out*
urgrl21f She sure enjoyed being between my legs
urgrl21f I start licking back down your body toward your cock
urgrl21f I slick my forefinger in your oozing precum and lick it, looking up at you and smiling, hungry
Mr.N only 'cause the collar was on...and that's coming off soon...I think...
Mr.N *looking back at you....wanting it so badly....and at the same time not..*
urgrl21f I stop for a second, realizing that I'd completely forgotten about the collar, then I smile up at you.
urgrl21f You're right, there's no reason for the collar anymore. I love this.
urgrl21f I suck one of your balls into my mouth and roll it around with my tongue, squeezing your shaft
Mr.N So..you can take mine off now, too?
Mr.N *shuddering...jumping...I let out a soft sigh as your warm mouth moves around me*
urgrl21f I don't care if it's off or on anymore... I'll do whatever He tells me to do.
urgrl21f I feel a particular release when I speak that with the H, realizing that He's won.
Mr.N He didn't say you HAD to make me cum, though...
urgrl21f But He did say I had to suck you, so that's what I'm going to do. What's your name?
Mr.N It's...Frank...
urgrl21f Frank... Whether or not you cum is up to you, that strength is yours. I have to suck you... I want to suck you...
urgrl21f And with that, I start flicking my tongue around your cockhead again, licking off the precum that was oozing
Mr.N *gasping as I feel you again...bringing me even closer than before*
urgrl21f I close my lips around your shaft, humming into your shaft, vibrating as I slowly move my head forward and swallow your entire length down.
Mr.N *groaning...pushing up into your mouth..my head swimming as you push my control away with each swirl of your tongue...until I'm finally sliding between your lips..*
urgrl21f Once I have your shaft deep in my throat I begin to swallow, stroking your shaft with the muscles in my throat
urgrl21f I fondle your balls, tickling them lightly with my fingernail before pulling myself back off again
Mr.N unh...jebus..*gasping...feeling an orgasm wannabe subsiding...thinkin' you're bein' nice to me by not lettin' me cum as I catch my breath*
urgrl21f I pull off again and slowly slide my body back up yours to whisper quietly into your ear
urgrl21f Of course, if you were to cum deep inside my throat, I might tell him, or I might not...
Mr.N Mmm...*nodding at you...understanding....and smiling*
urgrl21f I slide down, pressing my breasts against you, until I again reach your cock and start sucking you
urgrl21f tasting you
urgrl21f I swallow you down again, slowly, deeply, in a vacuum which expands the size of your massive cock even more
Mr.N *throbbing hard in your mouth...pushing up to fit more in...and closing my eyes...enjoying you..*
urgrl21f Deep in my throat, I feel your cock pressing against the walls
urgrl21f I rub my tongue around your shaft as much as I can, difficult when you're so big
urgrl21f I squeeze your right ball, again amazed by how hard, firm it is
Mr.N eh...been awhile...*thinkin' of my girl for a second...who's certainly gettin' worked out now*
urgrl21f I reach my other hand around, breathing around your shaft, and slip my pinky into your ass
urgrl21f again continuing to try to swallow you, instead treating your cock with my throat just how my pussy muscles would treat it
Mr.N *closing my legs, but it's too late...so I let them spread again...allowing you in...feeling myself getting very, very close*
urgrl21f I feel my own juices dripping
urgrl21f I moan deeply, trying to raise my eyes to look you in the face
urgrl21f Your massive cock deep in my mouth
Mr.N *constantly oozing now...eyes shut...an' hips slowly moving up and down...when I feel the waves starting...building up..*
urgrl21f I slip my finger into your ass a little further and bring my other hand to my chest where I start to play with my nipples and fondle my breasts for you, putting on a show
urgrl21f I bite down ever-so-lightly on your shaft, letting you know what I want
Mr.N *mmmm....lifing my hips...giving you access...quivering on the inside as my orgasm builds...then suddenly overwhelms me...trying to stay quick as I shoot cum into your throat..load after load*
urgrl21f I suddenly redouble my efforts, trying to suck you dry while keeping your cock hard
urgrl21f For your sake, understanding that I need to swallow it all, deep and delicious
Mr.N *jumping a little...muscles squeezing sending jets of cum into you...slowly settling down while you suck me dry...keeping me clean*
urgrl21f Once the stream of hot cum slowly abates I begin to pull out a bit and work your softening cock around with my tongue, trying to keep it hard
urgrl21f Make you hard
urgrl21f I pull my hand from my own chest back to your balls where I drag my fingernail along your still-firm, throbbing sac
Mr.N mhmmmmm.....*smiling at you...forgetting 'bout my girl momentarily* Did you get what you wanted?
urgrl21f I nod, smiling around your shaft, before again sucking on your cock, feeling it try to grow hard again.
Mr.N mmm...going to try to make me cum again..? :)
urgrl21f I want to make you hard again so that He won't be able to think that you came and became soft again.
Mr.N Ohhhh...ok...:)
Mr.N Why are ya doing that for me? That kinda thing must not excite you.
urgrl21f I pull my pinky out of your ass and jab my forefinger into it
urgrl21f He told me to suck you, I love sucking you, and I'm very, very excited.
urgrl21f I wink and stroke your shaft, now feeling pretty hard again.
Mr.N *gasping...my hips automatically lifting...forcing your finger in deeper...as I look at you*
urgrl21f I look back at you, smiling
Mr.N *sliding freely in your hand as you get me hard...smilin' back at you as my eyes close slightly*
urgrl21f I look over at Alicia, wondering what I'll see, as I stroke your shaft and teasingly lick your cockhead while my finger tenderly moves in and out of your ass.