Mr.J hey stranger, long time no see
urgrl21f Real long time. How's it going?
Mr.J good
Mr.J been hoping to see you
Mr.J wants to be on your site
Mr.J BADDDDDDDDD
urgrl21f lol, I'd almost forgotten I had a site.
Mr.J been there a few times
Mr.J likes the incest one
urgrl21f	:
Mr.J is that bad?
urgrl21f Nah, I don't think so.
urgrl21f Shoot, I like 'em all. If I didn't, they wouldn't be up there.
Mr.J true
urgrl21f -- is out of practice, so be gentle.
Mr.J yes baby
Mr.J what role play do you want?
urgrl21f Didn't you just say you liked the incest one? How's that sound?
Mr.J yes
Mr.J brother sister
Mr.J or mother son>?
urgrl21f brother sister this time.
Mr.J ok
urgrl21f What's the scene?
Mr.J you come home
Mr.J I am in the bathroom
Mr.J jacking off
Mr.J looking at a playboy
Mr.J and you bust me
urgrl21f I look at the closed bathroom door in front of me.
urgrl21f Joe? What're you doing? You're making a lot of noise for using the bathroom.
Mr.J what are you doing home early?
Mr.J you are not suppose to be home for hours
Mr.J (trying to hide my cock with the magazine)
urgrl21f I got off work early, the power went out for some stupid reason. What are you doing?
Mr.J well, to be honest since you caught me
Mr.J I was masturbating...........
Mr.J feels good
Mr.J and dont look at me like that
Mr.J I have seen you with tommy in the shed before
Mr.J I know that you know what I was doing Sarah
urgrl21f notices that you're really growing up into your manhood, puberty has been nothing but good for you.
urgrl21f Why do you do that?
Mr.J saw you with tommy last week
Mr.J saw you stroking his cock
Mr.J telling him
urgrl21f blushes
Mr.J that you wanted to make it spit
urgrl21f You shouldn't spy on me!
Mr.J (stands up)
Mr.J see Sarah, I am even bigger than tommy is
Mr.J wanted to Sarah, was stroking my cock watching you with him
Mr.J you are very good looking, you have grown up in all the right places too
urgrl21f blushes even more furiouslly and turns looks to the side.
urgrl21f Thanks, Joe. I never thought I'd hear my brother saying that...
Mr.J (takes your hand and places it on my hard cock)
Mr.J you like that feeling Sarah.......that hard cock in your little hand........
urgrl21f catches her breath as she feels the size of your cock. It really is a lot bigger than Tommy's...
urgrl21f Looks at you again.
urgrl21f Joe... I do, it feels great.
Mr.J (runs my hand over your thin top, feeling your breasts)
urgrl21f squeezes it slowly and firmly.
Mr.J these feel good in my hands Sarah........lets go to mom and dad's room..............
urgrl21f let's you lead her into mom and dad's room.
Mr.J (takes you by the hand)
Mr.J look at what I found Sarah, (takes out a porno and puts it int he vcr, hits play)
Mr.J mom and dad play this game, they call it, "lets do what they do" wanna play it with me?
urgrl21f feels her nipples getting hard and pressing against her bra, which now feels too tight
urgrl21f Yeah, Joe. I do.
Mr.J grips your top and pulls it off of your body, over your shoulders and arms........
urgrl21f rubs your body and enjoys it's strength as you mess with the vcr.
Mr.J hands go behind you and fumbles with your bra, letting your hard breasts out........
urgrl21f holds her arms up, emphasizing her breasts at the same time as she helps you remove her tight shirt
urgrl21f sighs and relaxes as you remove her bra.
Mr.J ohhhhhhhh sisssssssss
urgrl21f Joe, do you mind if I play with your cock again?
Mr.J cups your breast with one hand as the other one takes the zipper down on your skirt
Mr.J no Sarah, please do
Mr.J takes the zipper down
Mr.J letting it fall on the floor
urgrl21f leans forward and looks more closely at your cock as she fondles it, playing with your balls.
Mr.J hands go to your little panties......feeling the material.....feeling how wet your slit is........
urgrl21f admires the beauty of your smooth, hard cockhead.
urgrl21f feels her slit starting to drip with juices in anticipation
Mr.J hands move to take the panties off of you, smelling your sex in the air. cock twiches under your touch.........
Mr.J oh Sarah, that feels so good the way you touch me.......
urgrl21f squeezes the cockhead between her fingers and starts to slowly stroke your shaft with her other hand.
urgrl21f Joe, you were right. You're so much more beautiful than Tommy...
Mr.J bends down and sucks your left nipple in my mouth, finding my hands caressing your soft and wet folds, hearing the sounds of fucking coming from the television
urgrl21f feels you sucking her nipple as your fingers send electricity through her body
Mr.J sucking and sucking on you, finding your slit and rubbing it up and down, kissing your breast, oh Sarah, you taste so good...........
urgrl21f Maneuvers her body around to provide her mouth with access to your cock, hungry to taste it.
Mr.J yes Sarah
Mr.J lets get on the bed........
urgrl21f :starts licking around your cockhead, rubbing her tongue over your little cock slit and opening it.
urgrl21f Ok, Joe. If you'd like...
Mr.J mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
urgrl21f disengages herself and climbs up onto the bed.
Mr.J wants to taste you Sarah
Mr.J you smell so good...........
Mr.J gets on the bed with you
urgrl21f lies down on her back and spreads her legs
Mr.J gets between your legs
Mr.J let me lick you Sarah
urgrl21f As long as I can taste you too.
Mr.J yes Sarah, wants that
Mr.J oh sarah........
Mr.J moving my mouth to your swollen and closed lips
Mr.J lapping at them, tasting your sweet cream
Mr.J wiggling it as it goes in
urgrl21f Mmmm, Joe...
Mr.J sticking out my tounge and pushing it in your lips
Mr.J yes sarah, feels your body move to my mouth
urgrl21f Holds your hips and moves your cock to be in front of her face.
urgrl21f starts licking your cockhead again, its heat has already dried the saliva from before.
Mr.J pushing my tounge inside of my little sisters pussy.......
urgrl21f Oh! Joe!
Mr.J wiggling and pushing it in your slit
urgrl21f Yelps as your tongue slips inside..
Mr.J feeling it open up to your big brother
Mr.J letting your hot clear juices spill out of your pussy
Mr.J and cover my lips and mouth
Mr.J oh sarah, so sweet
urgrl21f starts to actually suck your cock, now
urgrl21f takes half of your shaft into her mouth and starts to suck it, pumping it in and out.
Mr.J pushing my tounge deep in your pussy
urgrl21f takes it deeper and deeper with every movement, slowly but surely.
Mr.J pushing it inside of you
Mr.J harder, deeper, faster, that is it baby, yes, that is it, oh sarah, your mouth feels so good on my cock
urgrl21f feels your cock starting to slam against the back of her mouth, so she begins to swallow it down.
Mr.J wiggling my tounge, pushing it in and out of your pussy
urgrl21f breathes through her nose, your cock is so big...
Mr.J feeling your mouth on my cock, tounge working the shaft.....oh sarah, oh yesssssssssssss
urgrl21f Mmmmm...
Mr.J (stroking there baby?)
urgrl21f moans deep in her throat, feeling the vibrations pass through your cockhead.
urgrl21f (Heck yeah! You too?)
Mr.J oh yesssss baby, stroking so good
urgrl21f moans with your tongue inside her.
Mr.J pushing my tounge deeper and deeper in sara's pussy
Mr.J wiggling it all around
Mr.J the sounds of fucking grow louder on the television
urgrl21f swallows down as much of your cock as she can, but it's too big to take it all.
Mr.J oh sara................
urgrl21f can feel it pressing against the back of her throat.
Mr.J licking and lapping at your pussy
Mr.J feeling you take my cock, as deep in your mouth as you can
Mr.J (you ready to cum baby?)
Mr.J wants to put my cock in you sara........
urgrl21f (getting there...)
Mr.J you stroke while your big brother takes your tight pussy sis.......
urgrl21f nods and slowly pulls her hed down from your cock...
Mr.J watches you lay back on the bed
Mr.J spreading your legs
Mr.J moving between them, looking at my little sis sara......oh yesssssssss
urgrl21f absently rubs her breasts with her hands as you admire her.
Mr.J been wanting this ever since I saw you with tommy sara......
Mr.J was stroking my cock as you stroked him sis........
urgrl21f I'm glad you are, Joe... Tommy can go fuck himself, I want you...
Mr.J now you get my cock.............
urgrl21f moves one hand down between her legs and starts playing with her clitoris.
Mr.J takes my cock in my hand and rubs it on your swollen and open pussy lips
Mr.J getting the cockhead all wet with your juices
Mr.J watching you stroking your clit
Mr.J feeling it grow hard in your hand
urgrl21f strokes her clit more insistently as you tease her slit.
Mr.J taking my cock, putting the little slit over your clit
Mr.J and massaging it, feeling the slit open up and stroke your clit.........
urgrl21f Mmmm...
urgrl21f begins to breathe heavily as you stimulate her clit.
urgrl21f Ooooh, Joe....
Mr.J rubbing and rubbing the clit
Mr.J watching you move against my cock
Mr.J watching your nipples grow harder
Mr.J seeing your eyes
Mr.J your face
urgrl21f rubs her breast more insistently, squeezes and tweaks her nipple.
Mr.J knowing you love this feeling
urgrl21f My eyes are closed as I focus between my legs.
Mr.J as you feel my cockhead split your lips.....wanting inside of you sara.......
urgrl21f Oh, Joe! You're teasing me...
Mr.J feeds you the head of my cock
Mr.J feeding your pussy
Mr.J watching you as you see my cock going in your pussy
Mr.J yes sis I am
Mr.J and THRUSTS my cock all the way in you
urgrl21f moves my hand from my clit to your sac and start squeezing it as you slip inside me
urgrl21f oooooOOOOHH!
Mr.J pushing it all the way in you
Mr.J holding your body next to mine
Mr.J yessssssssss
Mr.J oh sarah yesssssssssssssssss
urgrl21f I feel myself filled up with your cock.
Mr.J grinding in you
urgrl21f You're so big!
Mr.J feeding you my cock
Mr.J feeling your hard nipples against my chest
urgrl21f pump my hips in time with you
Mr.J yes sarah, that is it, move with me
urgrl21f I arch my back in the ecstasy of your cock, pressing my chest up against yours.
Mr.J moving my mouth down, taking your nipple in my mouth as my cock pumps your tight pussy
Mr.J that is it baby, do it, move with me, feel my cock in you
Mr.J pump those fingers baby
Mr.J like it was my cock
Mr.J and cum for me
Mr.J cover my cock
Mr.J do it baby, do it, cum for me
Mr.J feel my cock in you
Mr.J holding you
urgrl21f bringing my hands up around and behind you, sliding them down to your hips and squeezing your firm ass as you pump me.
Mr.J hands go under your body
Mr.J and grip your shoulders
Mr.J and drive my cock in you
Mr.J over and over and over again
Mr.J yessssssssssssssssssss
Mr.J pumping, long slow strokes with my cock
urgrl21f Oh, yess! Joe, Yess!!!
Mr.J letting the tip of my shaft go deep in your pussy
Mr.J rubbing that special spot so deep inside of you
urgrl21f feels her body preparing to cum
Mr.J massaging it, making small moves with my hips
urgrl21f Ooooooohhhhh!
Mr.J rubbing it
Mr.J feeling your body move
urgrl21f lets herself loose in one, final charge of ecstasy
Mr.J feeling your pussy get so tight
Mr.J that is it baby
Mr.J give it to me, soak my cock baby
Mr.J that is it
urgrl21f cums all over your cock
urgrl21f feels her body begin to relax.
Mr.J you cum baby?
urgrl21f Good timing Joe. I have just enough time to get ready for class.
urgrl21f Yep, thanks to you.
Mr.J save this one baby
Mr.J will cum for you next time lover
urgrl21f saved
Mr.J smiles
Mr.J now get
urgrl21f Thanks, Joe. Have a good day.
Mr.J you too baby