urgrl22f Well, y'know, it's been an hour or so. Let me take care of a few things here while you come up with a scene... It's warm here, today, I'm not wearing anything but my underclothes... and I'd love for a good excuse to take them off in the heat of the moment. :x
urgrl22f Take your time, relax and have fun. I'll be afk for a couple minutes. :)
urgrl22f heeheehee!
urgrl22f Any quick questions before I go take care of a few things? (Don't worry, I'll be back!)
urgrl22f Ohio
urgrl22f Wheee! I'm back! Hopefully I didn't forget anything. ;)
urgrl22f heehee!
urgrl22f And, as you know, I'm Sarah.
urgrl22f *puts out her hand* Put 'im there! ;)
urgrl22f No worries, no panic.
urgrl22f Just think of a fantasy and use it. :)
urgrl22f One minute!
urgrl22f I quickly close the erotic fiction I'd been reading in my bedroom and toss my bathrobe over my shoulders, momentarily grateful that I hadn't gotten far enough to actually take off my underclothes yet.
urgrl22f I only do such things when my roommate, your girlfriend, is out of town. She strikes me as the sort of woman who can take such actions in the wrong light and out of context, so I avoid self pleasure out of respect for her.
urgrl22f I hear your voice, and know it's you. "Ah! Is that you, Kip? I'll be out in a second!"
urgrl22f I close the fiction and drop it on the floor, kicking it under my bed. I walk out of my room as I tie the bathrobe closed around me, neglecting to close my bedroom door. I walk down the hallway to the front door and, holding the top half of the bathrobe closed, I open the door and step aside for you.
urgrl22f It's not much cooler in here, but come on in. I'm afraid Amy's not home right now.
urgrl22f "Oh! Umm," I gesture to the kitchen, "You want some ice water or something? I was just about to take my shower."
urgrl22f "Sounds good." I smile and turn around to walk into the small kitchen. My bathrobe is a thin, lavender one. It looks silky, though it's significantly less expensive.
urgrl22f I blush when I hear you say that, grateful that my face is hidden in the refrigerator.
urgrl22f No, no, that's ok. You can wait for her if you'd like.
urgrl22f I pull out the orange juice and set it on the counter, then walk over to the cupboard for a glass.
urgrl22f So, did you two have any plans for tonight?
urgrl22f "Sure, have a seat on the couch. I guess that's what you're here for, then, is to figure out what's going on?"
urgrl22f I take a tall glass down from the cupboard and set it on the counter next to the OJ.
urgrl22f I blush a little, realizing that it doesn't feel chilly at all to me, right now. On the contrary, I'm really quite warm.
urgrl22f "Ah! Yes, you wanted ice!"
urgrl22f I open the freezer on top of the fridge and pull out an ice tray. It slips in my hand as I'm closing the door and it falls to my chest. I quickly grab myself and the tray, one hand on each, as I blush more. "Gad, I'm clumsy this morning!"
urgrl22f I hand the tray to you, now aware of my own hard nipples and hoping that you haven't noticed them.
urgrl22f "You have that one? Oh, geez..." It's now clear to me that you're well aware of my nipples poking through my bra.
urgrl22f I cross my arms in front of my chest, not sure how to react. "Well, umm, I should go and, uh, finish my shower."
urgrl22f I gesture towards the kitchen door, realizing too late that doing so uncovered my nipples, and I quickly walk out, embarassed and blushing.
urgrl22f "Sure, whatever!" I wave my hand dismissively, just wanting to get out of an embarassing situation.
urgrl22f I chuckle to myself, "I'm already trying!"
urgrl22f I open the bathroom door and step in, closing it behind me.
urgrl22f I've known since I've lived here that the bathroom door latch is poor, but in my current distracted state, I neglect to ensure that it's latched. I strip off my bathrobe and let it fall to the floor, quickly followed by my bra and french-cut panties.
urgrl22f I look at myself in the mirror, thinking to myself, trying to imagine what I may have gotten myself into.
urgrl22f My hand absently travels between my legs, my arousal still strong with anticipation of reading that erotic fiction.
urgrl22f I gasp to myself, realizing that you must be sitting right above it even as I think the thought.
urgrl22f I shake my head, rub my hands over my body briefly one last time, then step into the shower and close the curtain.
urgrl22f I turn the shower on hot, feeling the steam rise off my already hot body.
urgrl22f I face the shower head, my head facing into it and my eyes closed. Again, my hands travel of their own free will, one between my legs and the other to my breasts. The heat of the shower pours over me as I begin to finger myself. My breathing grows heavier in the steamy shower cabinet, held in by the curtain before flying out the ajar door.
urgrl22f I let my left middle finger slide slowly inside me while I pinch my hard, right nipple. My imagination calls you, unbidden, to my mind, imagining you there, behind me.
urgrl22f I'm unaware of the soft moans escaping my throat. I mouth your name to myself, then I slide my left index finger in as well. The water washes my body in heat, the steam feels as though it's cleansing my lungs.
urgrl22f I pull my fingers out of myself and bring them up to my mouth where I lick them. Only the faintest hint of myself remains on my digits, most of it washed away in the water.
urgrl22f I think I hear your voice, but I'm sure it's simply my imagination. You're so vivid, I feel as though you were standing next to me and talking to me.
urgrl22f I bring both of my hands to my breasts and heft them when I here you speak again, protesting your reality. I freeze, then open my eyes and slowly turn to face you, looking at my around the edge of the curtain.
urgrl22f I gasp with surprise, then fall back against the back of the shower. I'm speechless, my entire body on display for you. It's very obvious that I've just recently trimmed my bush down to a slim bikini diamond. The rest of my skin is smooth and wet in the shower.
urgrl22f "K- Kip! What-" I'm unable to complete the sentence, but I'm slowly beginning to recover from the shock and recognize the position I'm in.
urgrl22f I follow your eyes as they devour my body, not moving as you step into the shower with me.
urgrl22f I lose myself in your eyes, hanging on your every word, every movement, your simple existence.
urgrl22f I lick my lips despite myself as your lips close around my nipple. I briefly imagine you doing this to Amy in the same position and understand why she prefers it so much over my self-pleasure. I slowly lean my head back, my long black hair wet against the tiles, and close my eyes with pleasure.
urgrl22f "Kip... How- how did you know? How did you know that I wanted this?"
urgrl22f I slide my feet apart in the shower, my eyes closed, as I revel in your attention.
urgrl22f I smile to myself, "I bought that robe for just that, Kip. I just, I've never entertained the idea that it'd work, that you'd really want me like this. Amy's so pretty, so strong, I thought that I must be plain and boring next to her..." I feel your fingers sliding up my thigh as you kiss me. I respond to your kiss, hungry for you. "Did you find the book? Is that how you knew this is where I love to... you know... the most?"
urgrl22f I finally bring my arms up around your neck and embrace you, pulling your body to mine, your mouth into another kiss, inviting your tongue into my mouth.
urgrl22f I lift my left leg and rest it on the ridge of the bathtub that we're standing on. I feel my pussy open, ready and inviting your fingers. I let my hands slide down the front of your body, over your wet shirt to your shorts.
urgrl22f "It's no fair that I'm nude and you're not. Maybe we should even the score a little bit." I unfasten your shorts and slide them down, letting them fall to the floor of the shower. I pull the elastic band of your boxers down over your massive bulge and let them fall as well.
urgrl22f "That's better..." I start to finger your cock, experimenting, looking for your sensitive areas. I feel your shaft jerk when I brush my fingernail along your cockhead. "How does this feel?" I ask as I start rubbing your shaft in the heat of the shower.
urgrl22f I can almost stroke your cock with my thumb and middle finger, but it's too big. "You're a massive man..." I whisper as I start to thumb your cockhead and slide my other hand to your sac.
urgrl22f I smile and lean into you as well, my hard nipples feel like small pebbles pressing into my breasts. I moan with pleasure as your fingers briefly brush my g-spot, then start kissing you hard on the neck, sucking you as I stroke your shaft.
urgrl22f "Oooh, Kip.... I've wanted you, I've wanted this, for so long...." I lift your cock and slap it against my belly as I feel you seeking out my spot. I lean back a little, giving your fingers a better angle, "Up just a little, now, down, right... righhtt.... oohhh, god, that's it! Ohhh, fuck yes!" I squeeze you when you brush my spot, pulling you as you caress me, completely under your control.
urgrl22f I bring your cock back down to caress my folds currently opened by your fingers. I move in on your neck, instinctively kissing you, sucking you, tasting you, infused with your strength, your presence, your powerful maleness.
urgrl22f "Oh.. Oh- ohh-aaaaahhhh! Oh, Kip, slow down, I - Aahhhhhhnnnnggg! I want to cum with you inside me, Kip!" I try to pull your cock into my folds as my pussy muscles simultaneously squeeze your fingers, trying to make room for your massive shaft.
urgrl22f I see your eyes, imagining that my own must be filled with a similar lust, and nod with my mouth open, my tongue moving as though it wanted another tongue to play with. As I feel your shaft impale me, your massive length pressing into my body, I bring my hands to your neck and pull you down for a deep kiss, sliding my own tongue into your mouth.
urgrl22f I feel my tight ass slapping against the tiles behind me as you begin bucking into me, feeling the deep, hot penetration of your shaft inside me. My hair falls over the front of my shoulders and encases our heads as we kiss. I moan with ecstasy, "Yesss, oh Kip, yesss...."
urgrl22f My pussy muscles pump your shaft even as you pump me, squeezing it, the youthful vigor of my sex desperate for your hot explosion of ecstasy.
urgrl22f "Ahh! Ahh! Ahhhhhnnnnngggggg, yes! Oh, god, fuck me deep, Kip! It's sooo deep! Yes! Yess, god, Yesss!"
urgrl22f "Fill me, Kip, let me have your hot cum inside me, I want it so much! So hot!"
urgrl22f I'm screaming out, my voice echoing off the tile walls, my entire back slamming against the wall, my ass red from it.
urgrl22f "Oh, oh yes, god, I'm so close, Kip! Fuck, yes, I'm cumming! Aaaaahhhhhhhhhnnggg!!!"
urgrl22f My entire body clenches, and I feel the orgasm travel through me, exploding in my pussy, sliding down my legs and up my stomach, over my breasts, my nipples pinpricks of pure ecstasy, through my throat, my breath cut off, my toes curl and I toss my head, screaming.
urgrl22f Your hot seed pumping into me, filling me and mixing with my own cum, still screaming as your continued pumping extends my orgasm, each thrust sending another wave of ecstasy through every inch of my hot, wired body.
urgrl22f I'm gasping for breath, my chest heaving, my eyes absently look down and I notice, through the pleasure, our mixed juices flowing down my thighs and into the drain. I lean forward into you, my entire body having broken a sweat in the shower, feeling your still-hard cock slamming into me again and again, milking it for every last drop with my hungry pussy.
urgrl22f I lift my arms back around your neck and clasp them behind, embracing you as you embrace me, my mouth locked to yours in the sharing of love and pleasure.
urgrl22f My pussy continues milking your cock, even as it softens, instinctively hungry, though feeling more sated by the moment as a warm, comfortable glow begins to flow through me.
urgrl22f I lick your cheek, "We wanted eachother, Kip. You're so hot..."
urgrl22f I smile as you peck my lips, then open my mouth for a deeper kiss, then break away. I lift a hand up to play with your hair, even as I continue watching your eyes, lost in you.
urgrl22f I twirl a loop in your hair, smiling and pecking your lips, "You're amazing as well, Kip."
urgrl22f I giggle with you, "We'd just better hope Amy doesn't come home," I wink as the shower begins to cool us off.
urgrl22f I nod, smiling reassuringly, "Anything, Kip. You can tell me anything."
urgrl22f I giggle, and playfully slap your cheek, "You're just awful!"
urgrl22f I peck you on the chin this time, still smiling, "I'm not mad. On the contrary, I don't think that I've ever been happier."
urgrl22f I bend down to pick up the book that had fallen to the floor of the shower, forgetten. "I can't forget my nightly reading material, can I?" I wink. "I'll just have to mark in your name with waterproof marker."