urgrl21f: I hear the door and my head jerks around, one hand still between my legs, my eyes wide
urgrl21f: I see you standing there and shriek, grabbing for the blanket I'm lying on to cover myself, but falling off the couch instead
Mr.B My eyes never leaving watching you. Uhhhh (I stutter because I am nervous) Hi I am Brian...I just moved in across the street, are you busy?
urgrl21f: I glare at you, lying on my chest on the floor, the porn still playing on the tv
urgrl21f: What does it look like?
Mr.B A woman with big tits is stripping in front of a man who is seated on a couch .
Mr.B Your glare is s o inviting witout you saying a word I step inside the already open door and I close it behind me
urgrl21f: I blush furiously
urgrl21f: Well, are you going to just stand there and ogle, or at least be gentlemanly enough to help me up?
Mr.B No need to blush...I extend my hand as if to help you up
urgrl21f: I reach up and clasp your hand, starting to pull myself up, holding the blanket around me with my other hand.
Mr.B Being so close to you make me stiffen instantly. Our bodies brush together slightly and I know I am in the right spot at the right time
urgrl21f: I let go of your hand and reach around for the tv control. I pick it up carefully because it's wet (it's the perfect shape for a certain other use, and I've never worked up the nerve to buy an actual dildo) and press the button to turn the TV off.
urgrl21f: I re-grab the blanket it my hand, feeling it slip out because that hand is the one that was between my legs
urgrl21f: Well, fine. Have a seat, I'll be right back.
Mr.B I look at you, interesting choice of television...Why watch a movie when you can have the real thing?
urgrl21f: My entire body flushed with embarassment.
Mr.B I take a seat, my eyes never leave you as you walk away
urgrl21f: I set the control down next to the couch as I walk out. I sweep down and pick up my panties, shorts, and tank-top from the floor and I head toward my bedroom.
Mr.B As you set the remote down, I pick it up...I feel how wet it is. I turn the TV back on and turn the volume up as you enter your bedroom. I sit there and watch as I wait for you to return
urgrl21f: I close the bedroom door behind me and sit on my bed facing away from the door. I stop for a moment thinking as hear you turn up the volume on the porn, the moaning of the woman on the TV permeating my house.
urgrl21f: I look at the panties I was wearing when I first started the movie, feeling their moistness, and lick my lips. I put on the used panties instead of a fresh pair.
Mr.B I slide my shirt off as all of the sudden it became really hot inside the house. I am sitting on the couch wondering what exactly you are doing in that bedroom
urgrl21f: I slip on my tank top slowly, feeling the fabric brush over my nipples, and my other hand drifts back between my legs
urgrl21f: I begin to rub my panties over my crotch, caressing myself, my body desperate to finish what I started.
Mr.B I walk to your bedroom door. And stand in front of it, imagining you lying there pleasuring yourself again. A fantasy plays out in my mind, and I can not hold back, I open the door
Mr.B I stand in your doorway, watching you with my shirt off
urgrl21f: I don't hear the door open as I begin to moan with the woman on the TV, not even realizing the volume change as I'm caught up in the pleasure
Mr.B I move between your legs, spreading them slightly. I kiss the insides of your thighs softly, feeling how hot, wet, and sticky they already are
Mr.B My tongue traces a gentle trail up to your wet pussy
Mr.B I tease your clit with my tongue and use my fingers to spread your pussy
urgrl21f: I gasp and my eyes open as I feel your lips on the inside of my thighs, but this time I don't care. I pull my panties to the side for you
Mr.B My tongue teases your clit each time I slide it inand out of your wet pussy
Mr.B I slide it deep inside, tasting how sweet you are
urgrl21f: I moan with pleasure every time you brush your tongue against my clit, my hand which isn't holding my panties for you rests on the back of your head, holding it between my legs
Mr.B I bury my head in between your legs, My tongue deep inside you as I move my head back and forth
urgrl21f: Aahhhnnnn......
Mr.B My hands move to your ass, I grab you there and pull you closer to me
urgrl21f: I curl my body forward, letting your hand grab my panties as I lean forward over you, my nipples prominently displayed by my tight tank top
Mr.B I arch your back as I slide my tongue quickly in and out of your pussy
Mr.B I stand up in front of you
Mr.B I unbuckle my pants, and allow them to slide off
Mr.B My eyes fixed on you
urgrl21f: My hands are on your shoulders as you stand up, pulling my up just a little off the bed.
Mr.B My cock stiff in my boxers
urgrl21f: I stare into your eyes, then nod and slowly let my hands slide down your body
urgrl21f: From your shoulders to your chest, so firm under my hands
urgrl21f: Down your six-pack to your boxer's elastic band
Mr.B I slide my boxers off, I am fully aroused just from your gentle touch
Mr.B My hands slide down toy our stomach, pulling that tight tanktop off
urgrl21f: I hook my fingers on either side of your boxers, lifting them up off your body on the front, and I pull them down, smelling your hot cock as it springs out
Mr.B Revealing your beautiful breasts and those hard nipples
urgrl21f: I lift my arms over my head as you pull off my shirt, then I lean forward and begin licking your shaft
urgrl21f: I cover your cock with saliva as I lick up and down its length, toying with your cockhead before I give its tip a little, sucking kiss...
urgrl21f: and swallowing down your entire length
urgrl21f: I begin to suck and blow your cock, slowly pumping it deeper into me with each motion
Mr.B Your hot breath onmy cock is so stimulating
Mr.B The palms of my hand glide over your hard nipples
urgrl21f: Swallowing you... Sucking you
urgrl21f: I lightly drag my teeth on your shaft, never letting your cockhead leave my mouth
Mr.B As I thrust my hips to and from your mouth
urgrl21f: Tonguing your cockhead with each pull out, swallowing it down my throat every time your thrust your hips into my mouth
Mr.B I cup your breasts in my hand, squeezing slightly, my thumbs rub your nipples
urgrl21f: My right hand, still wet with my own juices, begins to fondle your sac as my other hand finds itself between my legs, rubbing myself through my panties.
urgrl21f: I press my chest forward as much as our position allows, enjoying your hands on my breasts
Mr.B I move your hand allowing your hands to focus on me
Mr.B I slid emy hand down to your pussy fingering you as you suck me
Mr.B 2 fingers deep inside you, and then all the way out to rub your clit
Mr.B And then quickly back inside you, the motion is deep and fast. I move so easily in and out of your pussy
Mr.B My cock so hard from you sucking me
urgrl21f: I hold your cock in my throat, stroking it with the swallowing motion in the throat muscles
urgrl21f: I feel precum dripping down the back of my throat
urgrl21f: hot and salty
Mr.B I move away from you, I take your hands and place them on the back of the couch
Mr.B You facing away from me
urgrl21f: [What couch? We're on my bed]
Mr.B I meant bed...we started at the couch..sorry!
urgrl21f: [np. :) ]
Mr.B Your hands on the bed, leaning you over slightly
Mr.B Spreading your legs a little as I move directly behind you
Mr.B The tip of my cock brushes against your clit
urgrl21f: Put it in me, Brian...
Mr.B And then with one quick hard, thrust I penetrate you
urgrl21f: I want iiiIIIIIT!!
urgrl21f: I scream out as you thrust into me
Mr.B My cock deep inside your pussy, staying there for a few seconds rolling my hips making sure you feel every inch of me
urgrl21f: I roll my hips around with yours, wanting you to explore me
urgrl21f: Feeling you probe my depths, I hungrily thrust my hips back against you
Mr.B I move away from you, sliding my cock almost all the way out
Mr.B And then back inside
Mr.B My motion is slow, am enjoying how good you feel
Mr.B My hands move to your hips and I use your hips for leverage
Mr.B My pace quickens
Mr.B It is a faster pace, in and out
urgrl21f: I get into your rhythm, slowly pleasuring your cock as it pumps me, clenching myself around it as you pull out
Mr.B I move so our bodies slap together
Mr.B Making sure you take all of me each time
urgrl21f: I feel your sac slamming against my clit in our position and I moan with each deep press, the pleasure of your shaft slamming into me overwhelming
Mr.B I reach around and grab a hold of your tits
Mr.B A little more intense as I am enjoying the moment
Mr.B I take your nipples between my fingers and roll them, pinching them slighly
Mr.B My cock still sliding in and out of you
urgrl21f: I moan loudly as you grabs my breasts, finding ecstasy in your love
urgrl21f: Fuck me, Brian! Ohhhh, gawwd it's good!
urgrl21f: I feel saliva drip out of my mouth, mixed with the taste of your precum
urgrl21f: My entire body engrossed in my hunger for your cum
Mr.B I move with more intensity, my hands back to your hips
Mr.B It is harder and deeper now
Mr.B BArely able to hold back my cock exploding
urgrl21f: I feel my breasts bounding up and down with our motion again as you release them
Mr.B I move with more passion, concentrating as I slam my cock in and out of your pussy
urgrl21f: Aaaaahhhhhhnnnn! Oh, fuck me yeah!!!
Mr.B Holding back everything I want to let go just for a few more minutes
urgrl21f: I clench my cunt around your cock once again, feeling myself approaching the edge as well
Mr.B Not able to hold back anymore
urgrl21f: Cum- cum inside me!
Mr.B (Where do you want me to cum?)
urgrl21f: I scream out with animal desire
Mr.B My knees get weak, my cock fully aroused
Mr.B I shoot my hot load deep inside your wet pussy
Mr.B An eruption inside you as I let it all out
urgrl21f: oooOOHHHHH!!
urgrl21f: I feel your explosion inside me and your hot cum spilling into me pushes me violently over the edge
urgrl21f: I feel myself explode with pleasure, my cum mixing with yours inside me
Mr.B Staying there, feeling your pussy clenching and then relaxing with each moment of your orgasm
Mr.B I slide my hands gently up your back
Mr.B Pull yor hair playfully to bring you towards me
urgrl21f: My entire body is caught up as I peak and begin the slow path down again
Mr.B And I kiss you passionately, that is the kind of neighbor I am I say
urgrl21f: I return your kiss, sucking your tongue into my mouth before saying, "I'll make sure my husband never finds out..."
urgrl21f: I playfully lick your nose
Mr.B I scramble looking for my clothes not realizing you were married
urgrl21f: He's gone for the week on a business trip
Mr.B Am right next door if you ever need anything
urgrl21f: I smile.
urgrl21f: I wouldn't have been helping myself earlier if he were around.
Mr.B A whole week!! That means an awful lot of sex for me I smile back!!
urgrl21f: I collapse back on the bed, smiling with my eyes closed.
urgrl21f: A bit more than a week, if I have anything to say about it.
urgrl21f: I sit up again, facing you, and wink
urgrl21f: You're bigger than he is.
Mr.B Listening and enjoying everything you are saying!! Like I said I always aim to please!!
Mr.B Whenever, wherever!!
urgrl21f: I giggle.
urgrl21f: Just come in the back door from now on. It's a small town. Welcome to the neighborhood, Brian.
urgrl21f: You don't mind if I don't give you a plate of cookies, do you?
urgrl21f: I laugh
Mr.B You know if you giggle when a man is standing in front of you naked, you may give him a complex!!
Mr.B Back door huh??
Mr.B Sounds like a plan!
urgrl21f: I cock an eyebrow and scootch a little closer to you
urgrl21f: You sound quite excited.
Mr.B Sound, how about look!! I stroke my cock as it starts to stiffen.
urgrl21f: I stand up and hug you, pressing myself against you, resting my head on your shoulder with my eyes closed.
urgrl21f: I'd love to, Brian, but I'm afraid I'm spent for the time being.
urgrl21f: That's the third time today I was watching that movie.
urgrl21f: I blush, and try to hide it by playfully nibbling your earlobe.
Mr.B I understand!! I hug you back, your touch is incredible I think to myself not wanting to let go
Mr.B WOW!
Mr.B 3rd time!
Mr.B You are amazing!
urgrl21f: I'm glad you think it's amazing...
urgrl21f: I sigh happily, comfortable in the strength of your embrace
Mr.B I get dressed and walk towards the door
Mr.B I glance back, shaking my head in utter amazement
Mr.B And walk out the door
urgrl21f: I wink and blow you a kiss as you walk out the bedroom
urgrl21f: Thanks for the fun roleplay!
Mr.B That was fun!!
urgrl21f: sure was! :)
urgrl21f: You had a good starting scene.
Mr.B You are a damn sexy woman, at least your thoughts are!!
urgrl21f: lol, thanks. :">
urgrl21f: You've got some pretty stuff yourself. Yummm! :D
urgrl21f: err-
urgrl21f: typo
urgrl21f: That was supposed to be pretty hot stuff.
Mr.B Thank You!! Do you have to leave? Or you going to tell me about yourself in real life, rathe rthan roleplay!
Mr.B I understood!
urgrl21f: What do you want to know?
Mr.B Looks, and likes?
Mr.B What do you do when you are not being a student?
urgrl21f: I'm about 5'11", I have pretty straight black hair. It bleaches to a brunette in the summer, though, and that's ok with me. :) My hair's a little longer than shoulder length, right now, and I wear it curled slightly out on the ends, instead of curled in. I wear a 34C and weigh ~140lbs.
urgrl21f: I wear a pair of glasses, narrow black rims, and have hazel eyes.
urgrl21f: Likes? Sunbathing when it's nice outside, spending time with friends, and the occasional bout of cybersex. I also enjoy computers.
Mr.B Very Pretty!! At least what I am picturing!! HA HA
urgrl21f: :) I don't think I'm a supermodel, but I'm certainly not Roseanne Barr either. [shudder]
Mr.B Nothing like a hot summer day to really get the day going
Mr.B I would be intimidated by a super model...I am into real people!!
Mr.B Does that make sense?
urgrl21f: lol, sure does. :) Supermodels annoy me. I haven't decided if I have some high-minded principle, or if it's just jealousy. I don't know if I want to decide, either. ;)
Mr.B Your principle is right on!! Either way you look at, nothing to be jealous about
urgrl21f: lol, you flatter me. I love it. B-)
Mr.B Just speaking the truth
urgrl21f: Anyhow. When I'm not being a student, I like doing the sorts of things I listed in my likes. Just about anything with friends, really. I've never really been into clubbing, though I've done a bit o' that too.
urgrl21f: Unfortunately, at this point in my life, school is pretty much full-time.
urgrl21f: I'm actually 22 now, and in grad school.
urgrl21f: Grad school is way more work than I thought it would be. :((
Mr.B Nothing wrong with what you are saying!!
Mr.B It makes a lot of sense
Mr.B A woman with drive as well!! Very sexy!
urgrl21f: :)
urgrl21f: I don't think I'm gonna make it to a Ph. D.
urgrl21f: I'm at the point in my life where I'd rather have a little bit of $$ from a job, y'know?
urgrl21f: Time to start paying off some of these school bills.
Mr.B I do know that feeling!! I was more of a person who wanted to start the "real life" rather than keep staying in school
Mr.B Thought about a master's but did not do that
urgrl21f: Yep. The one thing that really helped my decision was the good ol' economy. My classmates were averaging about 6 months to find a job, and I'm hoping that the situation will be a little better 12 months from now.
Mr.B Let alone you will be starting with a higher salary!!
urgrl21f: Let's hope so! :D
Mr.B You will, can tell that about you already!! You get what you want!!
urgrl21f: Heehee! I s'pose so. :)
Mr.B That's a good thing!
urgrl21f: Yeppers! Hmmm, it looks like a good day for a walk today. Warm and sunny.
Mr.B Same here!! Has been raining non stop in good old Virginia!
urgrl21f: Ooog. Rain. Rain isn't fun. :(
urgrl21f: Unless it's a thunderstorm. Then it's kinda' fun.
urgrl21f: At least thunderstorms aren't boring.
Mr.B True! Like watching them move in and then move away!
urgrl21f: Or just watching the lightning from the window when you're cuddling with someone. ;)
Mr.B That's not bad either
urgrl21f: Sadly, i've gotta' go. :(
urgrl21f: Thanks for the fun. :)
Mr.B I understand!! Have a great day and it was really nice meeting you!
urgrl21f: bye bye!
Mr.B Can I add you as a friend?
urgrl21f: sure
Mr.B Cool!