Mr.G okay, me and Sarah are in the shower, and I'm currently fucking her with my tongue...
Mr.G she's moaning loudly
Mr.G lil_red is gonna play my girlfriend, coming home...
Mr.G And again, for the record, I'm Andrew
Mr.G okay
Mr.G so Jenn, you can be just coming home as we're going at it in the shower
Mr.G i raise my head and press my lips yours hotly, my tongue searching your mouth as my hands slide up and down your long wet legs
Mr.G i pull you against me, feeling your hard nipples press deep into my hard chest as my solid cock is squeezed between us
Mr.G oh, shit...
Mr.G i look up at you, Sarah naked in my arms and my dick hard as a post
Mr.G Jenn... hey, baby...
Mr.G this... this is Sarah, Mike's girlfriend
Mr.G I realize my arms are still around her and quickly drop them
Mr.G i stand up, wet and buck naked, my dick still standing straight out
Mr.G yeah... this is Jenn, my girlfriend.
Mr.G what-- baby, come on...
Mr.G i step out of the tub, dripping wet
Mr.G come on baby, don't be this way... I'm sorry, so sorry...
Mr.G I turn and look at Sarah, the reason obvious in my mind... I bite my lip and look back at Jenn. "I... I'm so horny baby, I couldn't help it... I missed you too much...."
Mr.G too distracted in talking to Jenn, I fail to catch the towel...
Mr.G "I---" I look at both of you
Mr.G "Well, actually...."
Mr.G "I... I... was thinking of... shit..."
Mr.G "I was thinking of both of you...."
Mr.G i say it quietly, but the thought still arousing me
Mr.G baby... believe me, you are fucking unbelievable... but... damn... you both are... and, well, I fuck myself to sleep almost every night that I'm alone, thinking of both of you on me at the same time....
Mr.G what... really?
Mr.G my cock stiffens, harder than ever before...
Mr.G is it... is it too late?
Mr.G i moan in anticipation, two beautiful women on either side of me...
Mr.G "where...." I moan, blinking, "Where should we go? The shower's too small...."
Mr.G i sling one hand behind me, putting a hand behind Sarah's head and pulling her to me so I might kiss her, and my other hand cradling the back of Jenn's as she licks my cock...
Mr.G our bed is big, isn't it Jenn....
Mr.G shall we continue there girls?
Mr.G i take Jenn's hand, standing her up and kissing her passionately as my other hand takes Sarah's...
Mr.G i chuckle... I can try
Mr.G playfully, I grab sarah and sling her over my shoulder, quickly grabbing Jenn and doing the same
Mr.G then I bound to the bedroom, a girl on each shoulder...
Mr.G playfully, i toss Sarah onto the bed, then Jenn on top of her
Mr.G hmmm, Sarah, I think Jenn is wearing way too much clothes...
Mr.G slowly, i crawl onto the bed
Mr.G i think she should
Mr.G or we'll have to strip her ourselves
Mr.G aw crap
Mr.G yeah
Mr.G oh well, we just moved from the shower to the bedroom then
Mr.G ummm i dont see anyone on MY list
Mr.G how about you
Mr.G i lay on my back, watching you with lustful eyes...
Mr.G i rock my hips, moaning lightly, trying to grind my cock against you harder....
Mr.G mmmm, I love you to Sarah.... ohhh...
Mr.G my eyes close and my head tilts back as I moan again, feeling your soft hairs against my swollen dick
Mr.G i nod, barely able to speak as my cock throbs between us
Mr.G ahhhmmmm.........
Mr.G "Me too," I whisper, my hands sliding up your legs and onto your beautiful ass, my cock standing tall
Mr.G moans, feeling your tight pussy stretch around my big thick cock, still a tight fight despite how wet you are....
Mr.G ohhhhh shit baby
Mr.G mmmmm okay baby, oohhhmmm.....
Mr.G ohhhh yeah baby... fuck my cock... mmmmmm
Mr.G mmmm godd... i watch your tits bounce and heave as you fuck me, my thick hard dick disappearing into your pussy easier and easier...
Mr.G my hips rock against your movements...
Mr.G ohhh
Mr.G (Angel, name?)
Mr.G <---Andrew
Mr.G since Sarah is ontop and blocking the door, I dont see Jess enter...
Mr.G ohhhh yeah Sarah, fuck me, gooodddd....
Mr.G her hot body slamming down onto my cock... ohhhh shiiiit!
Mr.G oohhh shit!
Mr.G Jess!
Mr.G i look around Sarah, my throbbing hard cock still inside her as I see Jess standing in the doorway
Mr.G erm, yeah...
Mr.G Jess, this is, uh, Sarah...
Mr.G i lay there, too shocked to move, my glistening hard dick standing tall
Mr.G well, baby... what, uh, are you doing home?
Mr.G ummm, no baby... not at all
Mr.G it was just this once!
Mr.G i scramble to my knees on the bed, my thick hard cock still standing straight out
Mr.G baby, it just happened, I'm sorry...
Mr.G baby... please don't be mad...
Mr.G I stand up, naked and wet from my previous shower (Jess you notice that Sarah is also wet from a shower...) and approach you
Mr.G baby, i know you're mad... I'll make it up to you...
Mr.G i... really?
Mr.G i blink...
Mr.G what can I do to make it up to you?
Mr.G my cock still throbbing as ideas begin to dance through my head
Mr.G i smile, glancing back at Sarah... "And her?"
Mr.G smile, leaning in and kissing Jess passionately on the mouth, my cock pressing up against her as I walk backward, pulling her and myself to the bed
Mr.G we both fall to the bed, my hands search for the edge of Jess' shirt as I look at Sarah, beckoning her to join us
Mr.G i do so, my head cradling in her lap
Mr.G i moan at Jess' touch, kissing her more heavily as one hand reaches up and cups Sarah's neck, motioning for her to lean down so I may kiss her as well
Mr.G i lick my lips, my hands finding Jess's beautiful tits and massaging them as I kiss Sarah deeply, allowing Jess time to undo her skirt...
Mr.G i moan, feeling your pussy pressed tightly against my dick
Mr.G i bite my lip, one hand massaging Jess' tits and the other cupping Sarah's neck as I kiss her passionately
Mr.G i moan into Sarah's pussy as Jess grinds against me, my tongue tasting her wet juices as I tease and suck and nibble on her clit....
Mr.G i simply groan, my hands running up and down both bodies in ecstacy
Mr.G my lips close around
Mr.G Sarahs clit, sucking hard...
Mr.G i slide a finger between Sarah's pussy and my face, managing to start fingering her as I lick and nibble on her swollen clit, my cock moving slowly in Jess's sweeeeet pussy
Mr.G i moan again, feeling my cock slide deeper into Jess...
Mr.G my finger pushing deep into Sarah's beautiful pussy as my tongue and lips ravage her clit
Mr.G i simply grunt, feeling Jess tight pussy around my thick wet cock
Mr.G my hips rocking as Jess fucks me, pushing up against her bouncing...
Mr.G my mouth devouring Sarah's pussy, my tongue swirling and teasing her sweet sensitive clit as I nibble and suck on it...
Mr.G i groan louder, my hot wet breath washing over Sarah's sexy pussy...
Mr.G my tongue fucking your pussy like my cock is fucking Jess's....
Mr.G my hands grab your hips, pulling you down onto my mouth hard as I nibble and suck and bite
Mr.G i fuck you with my mouth harder, begging you to cum into my mouth....
Mr.G mmmm please baby, you taste soooo good....
Mr.G i continue to ravage your clit, nibbling and sucking
Mr.G come on baby
Mr.G mmmmmmmmQ
Mr.G !!
Mr.G i open my mouth and feel your cum drip into my mouth
Mr.G i swallow it, then lick your pussy clean, inside and out...
Mr.G and I let you fall onto your back, on the bed
Mr.G i crawl over you slowly, my huge, hard dick dragging up your leg...
Mr.G you want this sarah?
Mr.G i lean over you like a predator over fallen prey, bowing my head to take a kiss from your sexy lips
Mr.G my cock hovering less than an inch from your beautiful pussy...
Mr.G i pull myself from under your pussy (i dont think angel is with us anymore)
Mr.G i bite on your lower lip, tugging it gently as I begin to rock my hips, my cock sliding in and out of your pussy, slowly at first...
Mr.G i grunt with every thrust, breathing hotly into your mouth...
Mr.G (yeah... too bad)
Mr.G i moan, the muscles in my upper body rippling as I suspend myself above you, fucking you faster....
Mr.G i nod, grunting that I remember...
Mr.G i pump you harder, beads of sweat replacing the water from the shower on my body as our naked bodies fuck wildly, entwined
Mr.G i moan louder, my biceps bulging as my arms brace myself better on either side of your head
Mr.G i grunt, fucking you hard, the solid-oak headboard slamming violently against the wall
Mr.G mmmmmmmmm fuck baby
Mr.G you are so hot
Mr.G i slam you harder, sweat running down my face and chest...
Mr.G my balls slapping against your ass...
Mr.G i moan louder, the bed rocking hard and sliding on the hardwood floor a little
Mr.G ohhhh fuck baby
Mr.G i nod, suddenly slamming you twice as fast, feeling myself about to go...
Mr.G ngh.... I yell, throwing my head back as Im almost cumming....
Mr.G nnngghhhyyaaaaAAA!!! Finally, my cock explodes into you, filling you with hot, creamy cum....
Mr.G load after load filling your pussy and spilling out onto the bed....
Mr.G i continue slamming you, shouting and groaning as I cum
Mr.G ohhhhh fuck baby, take it
Mr.G taaaake it!
Mr.G ngh... ngh... .... ngh........
Mr.G grunting as I thrust into you over and over again
Mr.G feeling your hard nipples dragging across my chest as my thrusts make your tits bounce...
Mr.G i kiss you hard as I cum, my hot breath from my nose washing over your face as my cock pumps load after load of steaming cum into your pussy
Mr.G finally, it slows, and my naked, sweaty body sags onto yours....
Mr.G i pant, my head resting on your shoulder
Mr.G my cock still throbbing inside of you
Mr.G i let out light moans, kissing your neck lovingly as I rock my hips, helping you milk my cock....
Mr.G sure
Mr.G damn
Mr.G that was good
Mr.G kinda sucked how we lost TWO people though
Mr.G yeah
Mr.G we should try for another sometime
Mr.G mmmmhmmmm.
Mr.G lol
Mr.G i'll try and round up a reliable third next time.
Mr.G lol
Mr.G yeah, haha
Mr.G especially with TWO different girlfriends
Mr.G lmao
Mr.G just leave em out and say we moved to the bedroom
Mr.G but angel was pretty hot when she was around
Mr.G haha
Mr.G yeah it sucked that she just sorta... disappeared...
Mr.G yeah she's probably attending to something in real life
Mr.G or Darth Real Life, as I like to call it
Mr.G yes pleeeease!
Mr.G me an' you'll just have to hang out in the threesome chat sometime
Mr.G hehe
Mr.G maybe do something public and see who wants in
Mr.G yes, it definitely is
Mr.G hehe
Mr.G yeah, disappoints the fans
Mr.G lol
Mr.G lol yeah its 12:45 here... im on the opposite coast as you
Mr.G and hey, those 132 out of 10 odds proved correct
Mr.G haha yeeaaah.
Mr.G well, gnight, and yes, I'm off to have a shower and thinking of you too
Mr.G ;)
Mr.G better make sure i dont have the plug in, or I'll fill the tub when I cum
Mr.G cuz i know im gonna cum HAAAAAAAAARD
Mr.G well maybe next time you can find out how yummy it is
Mr.G haha
Mr.G just dont moan too loudly
Mr.G yuuup.
Mr.G oooh!
Mr.G thats fuckin sexy
Mr.G i can picture that, and it makes me even fuckin harder, if that's possible
Mr.G bye... i gotta go cum RIGHT now
Mr.G oh, how could I forget...
Mr.G mmmm damn.
Mr.G gnight