urgrl21f kisses dazed and snow_girl
urgrl21f Welcome to my shower.
urgrl21f introduces herself:
urgrl21f My name's Sarah. Easier to type than urgrl.
urgrl21f hugs Jan and Alexis, one in each arm, and grins
urgrl21f Unfastens Jan's pants as Alexis works on her shirt.
urgrl21f rubs the outside of Jan's thighs as she pulls her legwear down and rubs the inside of Jan's thighs as she brings her hand back up to Jan's underwear.
urgrl21f smells Jan's panties and sighs happily
urgrl21f arts her tongue out to firmly lick the moist area of Jan's panties.
urgrl21f darts
urgrl21f slips one finger underneath Jan's panties, peeling them away from her moist slit, and then lightly fingers Jan's lips...
urgrl21f reaches her other hand around to Jan's back and starts squeezing and kneading her beautiful ass.
urgrl21f slips another finger underneath Jan's panties, fingering her lips more insistently, massaging them.
urgrl21f starts kissing Jan through her panties as she reaches her hand from Jan's ass to start pulling down Jan's panties.
urgrl21f I can feel it...
urgrl21f starts to slowly tease Jan's panties over her hips and down her legs
urgrl21f starts licking Jan's bare mound, occasionally flicking her tongue over Jan's clit.
urgrl21f rubs Jan's juices all over her thighs and body
urgrl21f I dunno...
urgrl21f (she's offline)
urgrl21f start slowly standing up, rubbing her clothed breasts against your bare breasts.
urgrl21f I guess we have to make up for it, huh.
urgrl21f licks your body as she slowly stands, drawing a line of saliva mixed with your juices up the length of your body.
urgrl21f kisses you lightly, then deeper, trying to taste your tonsils.
urgrl21f presses her hips forward, against your hips, trying to feel your smooth, beautiful body.
urgrl21f holds one hand behind your head to hold you for the kiss as she slips her other hand down to unfasten her pants.
urgrl21f sighs as you hold her breast
urgrl21f giggles and moans simultaneously as you play with her nipples, enjoying it almost too much.
urgrl21f sways her hips back and forth against your hips as she tries to wriggle her tight jeans down her legs.
urgrl21f I slip my hand down my body and pull my panties down.
urgrl21f looks around and notices that there are exactly two piles of clothing on the floor and two beautiful, naked women standing in the room next to the shower.
urgrl21f giggles
urgrl21f So, are we ready for our shower now?
urgrl21f gasps happily as you flick her clit.
urgrl21f reaches down, grasps your hand, and pulls you into the shower with her.
urgrl21f maneuvers to stand behind you with a sly grin after breaking away from the erotic embrace.
urgrl21f graps the shampoo and squirts some out on her hands, which she then starts to rub through your hair.
urgrl21f Y'know, when I take a shower, this isn't the only patch of hair I wash. How about you?
urgrl21f slips her hands down to your shoulders and starts rubbing and massaging you with the shampoo suds.
urgrl21f I trim it, but I do shampoo it.
urgrl21f slowly runs her sud-filled hands down the back of your shoulders, under your arms, over your breasts, down your stomach, and to your trimmed pubic hair.
urgrl21f starts massaging where she shampoos, trying to relax your entire body through this sensitive part.
urgrl21f rubs her hips against your ass as she enjoys the sensation of such a smooth, beautiful bum.
urgrl21f slips her hands further down and between your legs, starting to finger your clit and slit.
urgrl21f whispers happily, "This is the most important part..."
urgrl21f kisses the back of your neck and presses her breasts against your back as she continues to grind her hips into you, rubbing your smooth bum against her mound.
urgrl21f slowly slips one finger into your slit, then another joins it, as they start to wriggle and explore your pussy.
urgrl21f whispers quietly, conspiratorially, "I'm ready to go to an orgasm if you are..."
urgrl21f slips a third finger in and moves aroun to your front to give you easier access.
urgrl21f lifts one legs and holds it to a wall, exposing herself fully.
urgrl21f pulls you down to the floor of the shower and maneuvers into a 69.
urgrl21f I'm close, so close....
urgrl21f starts to lick your swollen outer lips and finger your clit.
urgrl21f inserts two fingers into your pussy, then three, and beelines for your g-spot, hitting it fast and hard.
urgrl21f feels your head squeezed between her legs.
urgrl21f Ooohh!
urgrl21f sucks on your clit hard as you cum in her face.
urgrl21f Ooooohhhh! I'm cumming toooo!
urgrl21f feels her own orgasm triggered by the juices flowing from you.
urgrl21f Yeaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!
urgrl21f slows down to try to catch her breath...
urgrl21f It sure was.
urgrl21f I'm beat tho'. After dazed and you, wow.....
urgrl21f Thanks, you are superb yourself!
urgrl21f tenderly licks your nose
urgrl21f Yeah.
urgrl21f How do you mean? In RL? No...
urgrl21f You there?