Mr.M 22/m/chicago here
Mr.M watsup babe
Mr.M same here....i'm bored
Mr.M hehe
Mr.M whats it on?
Mr.M haha ya
Mr.M haha ya
Mr.M so what do u plan on doing now that your not studying?
Mr.M ya
Mr.M kind of did....what do you look like?
Mr.M i'm 6'2" ... 176 lbs...brown hair....green eyes
Mr.M hehe
Mr.M so what do you like to talk about?
Mr.M oh really i'd like that
Mr.M ya....so what is it about me an you that youd like to talk about ?
Mr.M hah ya
Mr.M we coudl do that
Mr.M ya
Mr.M hmmm....being with someone like you on a wednesday night
Mr.M :-)
Mr.M yea
Mr.M what about you?
Mr.M cuz i could maek your fantasies reality
Mr.M hehe aright i'll drop em
Mr.M so what are your fantasies?
Mr.M thanks
Mr.M so....what size are you?
Mr.M why sometimes?
Mr.M ohh i see
Mr.M well what about right now?
Mr.M nice :-)'
Mr.M so....what are you wearing right now
Mr.M sounds good to me
Mr.M white shirt...boxers
Mr.M hehe ya
Mr.M so do you cyber
Mr.M haha....i had to
Mr.M ya me too :-) ....
Mr.M why don't you start us off
Mr.M at least get me excited :-)
Mr.M whatever your favorite is
Mr.M i'm Chad
Mr.M i walk right over to you and take a seat next to you
Mr.M i look straight at you....smiling as i extend my arm around your shoulder an pull you a bit closer
Mr.M your really pretty
Mr.M as move my face closer to you, and in a placid movement i begin to make contact with one anothers lips
Mr.M i slowly slide my tongue into the small gap you'd givin me...and i slowly slither around in your mouth
Mr.M as my other hand wraps around your waste pulling you closer to me
Mr.M as my tongue continues....my right hand gradually moves up your shirt
Mr.M finally reaching it's goals my right hand explores your chest area
Mr.M pinching and squeezing....while my tongue locks along with yours
Mr.M thank you sarah.....as i slide my tongue out of your mouth i make my had move towards your neck where i kiss around
Mr.M as my hand is still moving around underneath your shirt
Mr.M my tongue slowly rubs against your neck, and my lips gently peck.....as i begin to slide your shirt off of you
Mr.M i take it off and toss it as i keep fondling with your chest and my lips gently kiss your neck
Mr.M i love the feeling of those firm squeezes....as my head makes its way down to your bare chest
Mr.M i slowly extend my tongue scraping your nipples with the tip of it
Mr.M i then move my head a bit forward and use some more of my tonuge
Mr.M i wrap my arms around you as my mouth takes in as much
Mr.M first the right....then the left
Mr.M mmm ... i make a small sound of delight .... i begin to suck harder
Mr.M as i feel my cock begin to harden a bit more....i gnaw on your nipples
Mr.M mmm i like the feelin of your hand sarah....as i keep working on your chest
Mr.M my hands move down south of your chest while my mouth is still sucking...but my hands begin to unbutton your pants slowly
Mr.M i feel you undo my pants as ido the same to yours
Mr.M i then slowly slide your pants along with your panties off
Mr.M yes please do so
Mr.M i await you to unleash my cock from my boxers
Mr.M i smile ... as i lie down on my back
Mr.M i feel your bare body against mine and begin to kiss you back...as my hands are on your firm ass
Mr.M as i rub my tongue is back in your mouth
Mr.M i smile as i feel your hand fondling my balls
Mr.M :-)
Mr.M mmm i feel my tongue go deeper into your mouth
Mr.M roughing it up
Mr.M my hand that is on your ass slowly moves down a little more and rubs around your clit
Mr.M mmm....would you ride me baby?
Mr.M i smile back an await
Mr.M i smile at you from your comment....and feel your tight clit move slowly down my shaft
Mr.M mmm
Mr.M uhh...i love the feeling....now move a bit faster sexy
Mr.M mmm i feel my cock harden
Mr.M i watch as your chest bounces and the arrousion you give to my cock
Mr.M mm keep going baby
Mr.M ohh yaa
Mr.M sarah you feel so good.....as i feel my cock get wet from your insides
Mr.M mmmm
Mr.M oh ya baby....fuck me faster sarah
Mr.M my cock gets harder as my sack shifts up
Mr.M i love the sensational feeling
Mr.M ahh you feel so good.....i feel cum moving up
Mr.M mmm....just a little longer
Mr.M sexy
Mr.M i watch your pussy move up an down on my cock
Mr.M as my cock tightens
Mr.M i feel it coming up...at the tip of my cock
Mr.M ohhhh...i let out a moan as i shoot straight into you
Mr.M my cock throbs
Mr.M as i pinch your tits
Mr.M your hard nipples.....mmmmm
Mr.M i then take you off an lie you down
Mr.M on your back
Mr.M and slowly begin licking your pussy
Mr.M all the juices that were drooling out...i begin to lick
Mr.M and in my tongue goes