urgrl21f (Wheeee!! Sorry I took so long... Someone with an actual, respectable scene!) I freeze when I hear you cough and turn to face you, the purse in my hand and a blush creeping over my face.
urgrl21f My mind searches frantically for an excuse, but it fails to deliver, all I manage to do is gape and then stutter out, "U- ummm...."
urgrl21f Ummm, well.....
urgrl21f n-n- no, sir...
urgrl21f But, it's not what you think!
urgrl21f I look back up at your face, almost panicked
urgrl21f I give you a funny look, "My boyfriend doesn't carry a- I mean, yeah! It's his. He, ummm... He said I could borrow some money."
urgrl21f My breath catches in my throat, and I look down at your hand on my waist, then back up at you.
urgrl21f I- I don't understand, sir...
urgrl21f I blush again, more deeply this time.
urgrl21f Y- yes, sir...
urgrl21f I stand in front of you, completely lost and unsure of myself
urgrl21f My eyes are wide and I'm having trouble breathing normally
urgrl21f Oh! Oh, yes, I mean- of course!
urgrl21f I look around the room from where I'm standing, and my eyes fall on my locker
urgrl21f Th- there it is!
urgrl21f I walk over to my locker, tripping over my own feet, but catching myself on the bench
urgrl21f Eeep!
urgrl21f I stand up again, straighten out my skirt (which I'm now acutely aware of) and sit on the bench in front of my locker
urgrl21f I open the door and pull out my bag
urgrl21f S- see? I have it.
urgrl21f I brandish it for you
urgrl21f y- y- yes, sir...
urgrl21f I stand back up and walk back to you, my face looking squarely at the ground in front of my own 2 feet
urgrl21f I hold the bag in both hands in front of me while I stand in front of you, facing you
urgrl21f I'm looking down at the bag, unable to raise my eyes to your face.
urgrl21f I gulp
urgrl21f yes, sir....
urgrl21f I unbutton my blouse slowly, reluctantly
urgrl21f I open it up and pull it off one arm, then let it slide off the other, revealing the cream bra that I'm wearing
urgrl21f I then reach down to the buttons on my blouse and start to slowly unbutton them as well
urgrl21f One, two, three
urgrl21f and the skirt is open enough to slip over my hips and down to the floor
urgrl21f I step out of my skirt on the floor and shove it off to the side, my eyes are still fixed looking straight down
urgrl21f but nowI can't help but realize that my matching cream bra and thong are exposed for you to see
urgrl21f Though at the moment, the way I'm looking, I can only see my bra...
urgrl21f My entire body blushes
urgrl21f N-n-no, sir....
urgrl21f I finally manage to bring my eyes up from the floor and I notice what you're doing, and my shock carries my eyes to your own eyes as I realize what you're feeling.
urgrl21f My knees grow weak and collapse underneat me, I fall to the floor on my ass, my legs open one to either side and my knees bent so my feet are almost back touching my ass
urgrl21f S- sir!!
urgrl21f What are you doing?
urgrl21f I'm looking up at you
urgrl21f (What, exactly, do you picture is in the gym kit, btw? :"> )
urgrl21f (Some tight gym shorts and a white t-shirt?)
urgrl21f (ok. :) )
urgrl21f yes, sir...
urgrl21f I reach for the gym bag, but my eyes are glued to you, watching you
urgrl21f I fumble with the zipper and open it up, spreading open my bag
urgrl21f I reach in with a hand and pull out my gym blouse and skirt. I stand up again holding the blouse
urgrl21f I put one hand into the arm of the blouse, then I twist around and put my other arm in
urgrl21f I pull the blouse forward over my body and close it
urgrl21f I start buttoning it from the bottom up, out of habit
urgrl21f one button, then two
urgrl21f Then the third and fourth buttons
urgrl21f The fourth button is the one immediately in front of and between my breasts.
urgrl21f And finally, the top fifth button
urgrl21f But my eyes remain glued to your hand between your legs
urgrl21f y- yes sir...
urgrl21f I open up the fifth button
urgrl21f I then turn around, and bend down to grab my gym skirt
urgrl21f Because the skirt's so small (for gym), I don't have to step into it.
urgrl21f It's a zipper all the way from the top to bottom of the skirt
urgrl21f I unzip it to open it up, facing away from you
urgrl21f Then I put the skirt around, over my hips
urgrl21f reaching behind me to try to line up the zipper
urgrl21f I'm having trouble getting it just right, but finally succeed
urgrl21f I zip the zipper up, then turn back around to face you
urgrl21f Concious of my cleavage showing
urgrl21f My eyes are drawn back to your hand between your legs and the obvious shape of your cock
urgrl21f I notice a wet spot on your pants where your precum's been dripping and I blush furiously again.
urgrl21f Y- yes sir.
urgrl21f I walk up to you, almost standing between your legs
urgrl21f I shuffle forward another few inches, now standing between your legs
urgrl21f My eyes move to your eyes, and I see the lust there....
urgrl21f I- I don't know anymore....
urgrl21f I'm completely lost, having no idea how to react in this situation
urgrl21f I stand in front of you, malleable.
urgrl21f my breath catches in my throat, a small gasp
urgrl21f but I don't pull away, instead my eyes half-close
urgrl21f then close completely
urgrl21f I feel the additional freedom you give my chest, unfastening the button over my breasts, then the one immediately under them
urgrl21f I sigh
urgrl21f My mind is imagining my boyfriend in front of me, sensuously undressing me, as it can't quite comprehend that it's you instead
urgrl21f I quietly sigh again, this time with the slight vocalization of a pleased sigh
urgrl21f I'm imagining Tommy, completely out-of-touch with reality
urgrl21f "mmm, Tommy...." I quietly whisper
urgrl21f I move my arms to let you take the bra completely off, helping you, imagining him
urgrl21f I feel your breath on my nipple and a quiet moan of anticipation escapes my mouth
urgrl21f mmm....
urgrl21f Oh, Tommy....
urgrl21f My hands rise to your head to hold it there, but I feel your haircut and realize it's not Tommy's crew-cut
urgrl21f I gasp and open my eyes again, jerked back into reality, seeing your tongue on my nipple
urgrl21f S- s- siirrr!
urgrl21f My exclamation turns into a quiet yelp of pleasure as you suck my nipple
urgrl21f mmmm... sirr.....
urgrl21f ahhh..... mmmmooooohhh.......
urgrl21f I try to keep my voice quiet, no longer caring who is treating my tender nipples so pleasurably.
urgrl21f I press my ass into your hands, feeling them gently squeeze
urgrl21f (err- hand, rather)
urgrl21f I wiggle my hips, letting you pull the zipper down unimpeded, however
urgrl21f I continue to quietly groan with pleasure, the hard walls of the locker room causing even these quiet expressions of pleasure to echo back to my ears
urgrl21f I hear myself, but I don't even realize that it's me.
urgrl21f mmmMMMmmmmmmm!
urgrl21f I forget to be quiet momentarily and release a louder moan of anticipation and desire
urgrl21f I press your head into my breast as much as my arms can to your strong body
urgrl21f Your head barely budges at all, but I hope that you understood that I desire you
urgrl21f The gentle pressure of your fingers on my mound causes another moan to escape my body
urgrl21f My pussy feels soaked with desire to me, I shift my hips to try to stimulate myself, but desiring you
urgrl21f I move my other hand to rest atop your hand on my thong
urgrl21f I press your hand onto me
urgrl21f I then move forward and slightly to the side, climbing up to sit on your knee where you placed my hand
urgrl21f Ahhhhnnnnnnn....!
urgrl21f The penetration of your finger that I've so desired causes an ecstatic shout
urgrl21f I lean forward and collapse onto your body, sitting on your leg, my head next to yours, hugging your body, pressing my chest against you as much I am able
urgrl21f [whoops! Outta' synch, we'll follow yours. :) ]
urgrl21f I stand straight in front of you, quietly gasping with pleasure as you finger my slit.
urgrl21f Ah!
urgrl21f Annggh.....!!
urgrl21f I'm having trouble standing, the pleasure starts to flow through me
urgrl21f I grab my own chest reflexively, as though holding my breasts might help me stay standing
urgrl21f My body waves with the motion of your finger and thumb, I squeeze and kneade myself trying to maintain balance
urgrl21f Ah, ah- ahnnnn, ohhhhh yess...!
urgrl21f AAaaaahhhnnn!!!
urgrl21f You push your finger into me, but my mind imagines a cock, a massive hot cock that I'm so desperate for.
urgrl21f I swallow down air, trying to breathe
urgrl21f My pussy muscles are squeezing your fingers, I feel them as though they belonged to someone else, my entire existence is focused on desire
urgrl21f I start to fall forward and catch myself on your shoulders, my eyes open only soon enough to recognize what you're doing
urgrl21f I open my mouth slightly for the kiss, inviting your tongue, before I open it further and practically suck your tongue into my mouth
urgrl21f My hands move from your shoulder around behind your strong neck until I'm huggin myself up to you
urgrl21f I stand there, my juices dripping down the inside of my thigh, my pussy lips and nipples swollen
urgrl21f Looking at you, confused
urgrl21f (still there?)
urgrl21f No, huh?
urgrl21f Ah, well. Fun while it lasted. Take care. :)
urgrl21f Ah, wb!
urgrl21f oooo... I didn't cause any problems by messaging, did I? :">
urgrl21f The one message was rather *ahem* not work-appropriate. ;)
urgrl21f I'm standing in front of you, an unsure look on my face, a drop of my juice running down my inner thigh
urgrl21f I look at the bulge in your underwear, then I look back up into your eyes
urgrl21f Whee! Thanks for msging me back- yahoo DC'd me.
urgrl21f Please say the last coupla' things again.
urgrl21f I look back down at your boxers and then at your face.
urgrl21f I grin and give you a quick nod
urgrl21f I step forward and then kneel down in front of you
urgrl21f I keep my face close to your boxers and experimentally dart my tongue out to lick the bulge
urgrl21f The heat is so arousing....
urgrl21f I slip a hand under the elastic on either side and start to pull your boxers down over the bulge, watching it, licking it lightly
urgrl21f Until your massive cock springs out and slaps me in the cheek
urgrl21f Eep!
urgrl21f I start licking your shaft as I finish pulling your boxers down over your knees and ankles
urgrl21f I slip the boxers off under your feet, then bring my hands back up to you
urgrl21f I start to findle your sack with one hand as I finger your cockhead with the other
urgrl21f Rubbing my finger around on your hot, sensitive head
urgrl21f Licking your shaft and looking up at you with your hand in my hair
urgrl21f I squeeze one of your balls gently, rolling it around in my hand as I start lightly sucking your shaft from the side with my mouth
urgrl21f Closing my lips around it like a cob of corn that I have to suck as I tease the sensitive triangle of skin underneath your cockhead with my finger
urgrl21f I start sucking your shaft towards its tip, closer and closer.
urgrl21f My hand on your cockhead moves to your shaft and starts to squeeze around it
urgrl21f My mouth reaches the tip of your cockhead when my hand reaches the base of your shaft
urgrl21f I suck your cockhead, trying to pull out your precum, anxious to please you
urgrl21f I beegin to stroke your shaft in time with your hip movement
urgrl21f I let you pull my head onto your cock, I swallow it down as it fills my throat
urgrl21f My tongue twists around it, my throat strokes it as I try to swallow when I can't anymore
urgrl21f I move my hand from your shaft around behind to your ass where I start to squeeze and roam my finger around toward your ass hole.
urgrl21f I begin moving my head up and down your shaft, sucking it, blowing it, loving it
urgrl21f Caressing your hot cock with my tongue
urgrl21f I tease your ass with my finger as my other hand begins squeezing and fondling your other sac, amazed at how tight and firm your sac has pulled up into your body, so strong
urgrl21f (err- ball, not sac. :"> )
urgrl21f I feel the pulse of your body, desperate for you, wanting you to cum
urgrl21f i realize that I want to serve the teacher, more than I ever wanted to serve anyone else...
urgrl21f I feel the cum starting to flow through your cock and I pull it so that only your cockhead is in my mouth, exploding onto my tongue where I can taste your hot, salty cum
urgrl21f I suck the cum from your mouth, feeling myself grow even wetter between my legs
urgrl21f err- from your cock
urgrl21f (sorry if I'm a bit ahhh, distracted.... My hands are kinda' busy too.. :"> :"> )
urgrl21f I let you pull my head further onto your cock again, swallowing it down, smearing your cum and my saliva all over the length
urgrl21f I swallow down your cum with your cock, enjoying the feel of it in my throat
urgrl21f I look up at you... looking in your eyes
urgrl21f I start playing with your shaft, making it hard again
urgrl21f licking it, teasing it, squeezing it, playfully nibbling it with my teeth
urgrl21f I close my lips around your hardening cockhead and suck more, feeling the remnants of your last cum drip into my mouth
urgrl21f now I slowly start to stand, letting your cock rub against my body and draw a line down it of my saliva mixed with your cum
urgrl21f I stand up, feeling your cock pressed against my belly, and I look into your face longingly
urgrl21f I stand there with you behind me
urgrl21f I let my head fall forward again, looking at the floor with my hands clasped in front of my waist, waiting.
urgrl21f I let you position me as you wish
urgrl21f my hands on the bench, bracing me
urgrl21f I let my head fall and look back between my hanging breasts and my legs where I see you standing behind me
urgrl21f I feel your cock press against me and I gasp in spite of myself
urgrl21f I moan quietly and relax as you begin to press
urgrl21f As your cock pushes further into me, I moan louder and louder
urgrl21f more hungrily
urgrl21f nnnnnnnNNNNGGGGAHAHAAAAAAAAAA!!!!
urgrl21f oooohhhhh myyyyy gawwwwwwwwwd!!
urgrl21f I cry out in a mixture of pleasure and pain, a virgin in my ass
urgrl21f (Eh!?!
urgrl21f (Did I miss omething?)
urgrl21f (Ahh, that's actually a good thing then. I was hoping you'd do that instead of the ass. :) )
urgrl21f I feel your cock inside my slick cunt, pumping
urgrl21f filling me up
urgrl21f I thrust my hips back against you, hungry, desperate
urgrl21f I feel my muscles pumping your cock, hungry for your cum
urgrl21f I hear a woman's voice screaming in ecstasy, but only recognize it as my own in an abstract sense
urgrl21f I feel my body gather up for an explosve orgasm
urgrl21f My back arches, my voice cries out, my cunt clenches down
urgrl21f I'm- I'm- I'm going to cum!
urgrl21f I suck your finger HARD as I feel the cum begin to pour out over your shaft
urgrl21f My vocalizations are now limited to gasps and moans, pure animal passion as I press myself back against your cock over and over
urgrl21f wanting your cum to mix with mine
urgrl21f P- please, sir! Hurry, cum inside me!
urgrl21f I shriek out again and feel my almost spent pussy muscles squeezing it out of your cock
urgrl21f I gasp and let my head rest on the bench, my eyes closed and my breath coming in small gasps before you pull me back upright and spin me aorund
urgrl21f I lean against you, eyes closed, relaxing slowly
urgrl21f I don't even notice your movement
urgrl21f relaxing slowly, glowing...
urgrl21f Eep!
urgrl21f I sit up quickly, my eyes open again, and remember where we are
urgrl21f Eh- hehheh. I smile and blush, then start putting my things back together again.
urgrl21f (end roleplay :) )
urgrl21f lol
urgrl21f That was a fun way to spend the morning. :)
urgrl21f Where are you at? What was that interruption?
urgrl21f ;)
urgrl21f Eep!
urgrl21f Yeah, that was a potentially embarassing situation.
urgrl21f Good thing!
urgrl21f Is the computer in your bedroom or a living room or what?
urgrl21f My bedroom. Ohio, US.
urgrl21f My roomies and I decided that it would be worth our money to get a three-bedroom place instead of sharing. We'd all pretty much had enough sharing over the last 4 years.
urgrl21f I'm pretty much spent right now, sorry. ;) I do have other things that I should do today too. :D
urgrl21f I'm sorry! :((
urgrl21f Can you finish it off on my webpage?
urgrl21f That's what it's there for..., to get people off.
urgrl21f That's good, then. :)
urgrl21f The next time I update the webpage, do you mind if I add our log?
urgrl21f I don't have a mic, but I wouldn't use it right now even if I did. My roommates are only through one door, and they'd definitely know something was up if I started talking to my computer. ;)
urgrl21f I'd want to, but I can't right now. :( :(
urgrl21f Maybe next time. :)