Ms.L heya
Mr.G okay, me and Sarah are in the shower, and I'm currently fucking her with my tongue...
urgrl22f :">
Mr.G she's moaning loudly
Ms.L mmm ok
Mr.G lil_red is gonna play my girlfriend, coming home...
urgrl22f Ok. :)
Mr.G And again, for the record, I'm Andrew
Ms.L Jenn
urgrl22f I'm Sarah, of course. :)
Mr.G okay
Mr.G so Jenn, you can be just coming home as we're going at it in the shower
Ms.L ok, go at it a bit and ill jump in
urgrl22f With my hands on your head I begin to try to pull Andrew's head back up as I begin to crouch down, wanting to kiss him.
urgrl22f Oh, Andrew....
Mr.G i raise my head and press my lips yours hotly, my tongue searching your mouth as my hands slide up and down your long wet legs
urgrl22f I kneel down in the shower, the water coming down hard on our heads as I kiss you deeply, tasting myself on your lips and in your saliva.
Mr.G i pull you against me, feeling your hard nipples press deep into my hard chest as my solid cock is squeezed between us
urgrl22f I slide my legs out sideways underneath me so that they're splayed on either side, then I scootch forward, still in our kiss, into your embrace, letting you press my breasts against your firm, strong chest.
Ms.L I swing open the door quickly and rip open the curtain "What the FUCK is going on!?
Mr.G oh, shit...
urgrl22f I yelp and almost fall, glad that I'm on my knees and not standing.
Mr.G i look up at you, Sarah naked in my arms and my dick hard as a post
Mr.G Jenn... hey, baby...
urgrl22f I quickly try to cover my chest and crotch as I look up.
Ms.L Who the fuck is this?
Mr.G this... this is Sarah, Mike's girlfriend
Mr.G I realize my arms are still around her and quickly drop them
urgrl22f Jenn? this is Jenn, your girlfriend?
Ms.L Crosses my arms
urgrl22f I feel my entire body blush
Mr.G i stand up, wet and buck naked, my dick still standing straight out
urgrl22f Oh, shit...
Mr.G yeah... this is Jenn, my girlfriend.
Ms.L I WAS your girlfriend
Mr.G what-- baby, come on...
urgrl22f No, wait, please, Jenn! It was my fault. I- I seduced him.
Mr.G i step out of the tub, dripping wet
urgrl22f Please.
Ms.L Steps back, looking very angry.
urgrl22f I stand up, the water still coming out of the shower head, and turn to face Jenn.
Mr.G come on baby, don't be this way... I'm sorry, so sorry...
Ms.L Why are you fuckin her?
Mr.G I turn and look at Sarah, the reason obvious in my mind... I bite my lip and look back at Jenn. "I... I'm so horny baby, I couldn't help it... I missed you too much...."
urgrl22f I reach for a couple hanging towels and toss one to Andrew, keeping one for myself. I turn off the shower.
Mr.G too distracted in talking to Jenn, I fail to catch the towel...
urgrl22f You- when you were masturbating in the shower, you were thinking about Jenn?
Mr.G "I---" I look at both of you
Mr.G "Well, actually...."
urgrl22f I decide to leave the towel off and let it fall to the floor, hoping beyond hope....
Mr.G "I... I... was thinking of... shit..."
Mr.G "I was thinking of both of you...."
Mr.G i say it quietly, but the thought still arousing me
Ms.L Aren't I enough for you?"
urgrl22f I blush deeply and give Jenn an appraising look
Mr.G baby... believe me, you are fucking unbelievable... but... damn... you both are... and, well, I fuck myself to sleep almost every night that I'm alone, thinking of both of you on me at the same time....
Ms.L Well all you had to do was ask me
Mr.G what... really?
urgrl22f I nod, agreeing.
Ms.L I'd do almost anything for you
urgrl22f Same goes with me, Andrew... I told you how much I've wanted you...
Mr.G my cock stiffens, harder than ever before...
Mr.G is it... is it too late?
Ms.L Smiles, getting down on my knees in front of him
urgrl22f I walk up behind Andrew and put a hand on his shoulder, "It's not too late for me, either."
Mr.G i moan in anticipation, two beautiful women on either side of me...
Ms.L Starts running my tongue up and down the head of his shaft
urgrl22f I breathe into his ear and press my body against his back, my hands reaching around to squeeze his hard, toned chest.
urgrl22f I rub my hands up and down, tracing Andrew's muscle lines with my fingernails.
Mr.G "where...." I moan, blinking, "Where should we go? The shower's too small...."
Ms.L "I don't care"
urgrl22f I breathe into Andrew's ear again, though this time I breathe the words, "Where do you want to go?"
Mr.G i sling one hand behind me, putting a hand behind Sarah's head and pulling her to me so I might kiss her, and my other hand cradling the back of Jenn's as she licks my cock...
Mr.G our bed is big, isn't it Jenn....
Ms.L Tonguing the head, nodding up at him
urgrl22f I respond fervently to Andrew's kiss, biting his bottom lip as he talks to Jenn.
Mr.G shall we continue there girls?
Ms.L Anything my man wants
Mr.G i take Jenn's hand, standing her up and kissing her passionately as my other hand takes Sarah's...
urgrl22f I let Andrew's lip go, smiling teasingly, "You'll have to carry us, I think."
urgrl22f I wink
Ms.L Moaning, feeling Andrews strong arms around me
Mr.G i chuckle... I can try
Mr.G playfully, I grab sarah and sling her over my shoulder, quickly grabbing Jenn and doing the same
Mr.G then I bound to the bedroom, a girl on each shoulder...
urgrl22f "Just be sure to put your hands in the right spots," I giggle, "Whoa! Wheee!"
Ms.L Giggles loudly
Mr.G playfully, i toss Sarah onto the bed, then Jenn on top of her
Ms.L Laying on my back on the bed
urgrl22f I smile, blushing a little.
urgrl22f Think he's giving us a hint, Jenn?
Mr.G hmmm, Sarah, I think Jenn is wearing way too much clothes...
urgrl22f I think so too. Should she strip for us?
Mr.G slowly, i crawl onto the bed
Mr.G i think she should
Mr.G or we'll have to strip her ourselves
urgrl22f Which would you prefer, Jenn?
Mr.G aw crap
urgrl22f *awwwwww* :(
urgrl22f That's the hard part about 3-somes.
Mr.G yeah
Mr.G oh well, we just moved from the shower to the bedroom then
urgrl22f Do you want to try to get someone else or just keep going?
Mr.G ummm i dont see anyone on MY list
Mr.G how about you
urgrl22f Nope.
urgrl22f I crawl over to you on the bed, admiring how your cock stands at attention when you're lying on your back, so straight and tall.
Mr.G i lay on my back, watching you with lustful eyes...
urgrl22f I position myself above you on all fours, purposely lowering myself enough so that your shaft's head lightly brushes against my trimmed patch of hair
Mr.G i rock my hips, moaning lightly, trying to grind my cock against you harder....
urgrl22f I rest on my elbows instead of my hands now, bring my head down next to yours and my breasts down to brush lightly against your chest.
urgrl22f I tease your cock, keeping it in contact with my body, but outside of my swollen lips.
urgrl22f I love you, Andrew.
Mr.G mmmm, I love you to Sarah.... ohhh...
Mr.G my eyes close and my head tilts back as I moan again, feeling your soft hairs against my swollen dick
urgrl22f "Do you want to, Andrew?" I lean closer and whisper huskily in your ear, my own voice filled with lust.
urgrl22f "Do you want to put it in me now? I'm ready for you...."
Mr.G i nod, barely able to speak as my cock throbs between us
urgrl22f I lower my hips slightly, enough to brush my clit against your cockhead once, a groan of pleasure escaping my lips.
Mr.G ahhhmmmm.........
urgrl22f "I'm so glad, Andrew...."
urgrl22f I begin to lower my hips more as I sit up, positioning myself over your pillar.
Mr.G "Me too," I whisper, my hands sliding up your legs and onto your beautiful ass, my cock standing tall
urgrl22f I lean back a little, and spread my pussy lips as I settle slowly down onto your cock, feeling it's hot size fill me up, such a tight fit.
urgrl22f "Mmmmmmm.... I'm glad I'm so ready for you Andrew, I'm glad you made me ready, it's so big...."
Mr.G moans, feeling your tight pussy stretch around my big thick cock, still a tight fight despite how wet you are....
urgrl22f I feel my pussy muscles beginning to flex, squeezing your cock even more as I lower myself onto it, impaling myself.
urgrl22f "Aaaaaaahhhhnnnnnnnn......" A massive sigh of pleasure escapes my throat as I settle down, feeling your full length filling me up, the perfect (if tight) fit!
Mr.G ohhhhh shit baby
urgrl22f I begin to slowly lift up again and I lean forward a bit, my hands on your chest.
urgrl22f "Andrew, I just want you to know... That... That..- if you want to, you can cum inside me, ok? I love you, Andrew."
Mr.G mmmmm okay baby, oohhhmmm.....
urgrl22f After speaking my piece, I sit back up and begin to move faster on you
Mr.G ohhhh yeah baby... fuck my cock... mmmmmm
urgrl22f Sliding back up, then back down again
urgrl22f (Hi, Angel)
Ms. A (hello, just one moment)
urgrl22f I feel my breasts begin to bounce as I pick up speed, leaning back a bit again, my hands now supporting me on your knees.
Mr.G mmmm godd... i watch your tits bounce and heave as you fuck me, my thick hard dick disappearing into your pussy easier and easier...
Ms. A The door opens to the room, and I come in carrying some bags.
Mr.G my hips rock against your movements...
Ms. A I drop them, as I see the scene on the bed
Mr.G ohhh
urgrl22f I ride you even faster, losing my breath as moans escape my throat, not even hearing the door open
urgrl22f Oh, Andrew!
Mr.G (Angel, name?)
urgrl22f (I'm Sarah)
Ms. A Jess
Mr.G <---Andrew
Mr.G since Sarah is ontop and blocking the door, I dont see Jess enter...
Mr.G ohhhh yeah Sarah, fuck me, gooodddd....
Ms. A I stand stunned for a moment.
urgrl22f I'm bouncing on Andrew quickly now, each pump punctuated with a small grunt of pleasure, the deep ones more ecstatic screams.
Ms. A I say in a clear voice, hands crossed across chest, "Am I interupting something ?"
urgrl22f "Nnngh, goooood, Andrew! Oh, fuck yeah!"
Mr.G her hot body slamming down onto my cock... ohhhh shiiiit!
Mr.G oohhh shit!
Mr.G Jess!
urgrl22f I freeze at the sound of another voice and slam down, stopping with Andrew deep inside me.
Mr.G i look around Sarah, my throbbing hard cock still inside her as I see Jess standing in the doorway
Ms. A I see you're off work early today.
urgrl22f "Jess?"
Mr.G erm, yeah...
urgrl22f I twist around to see a woman standing in the doorway.
Mr.G Jess, this is, uh, Sarah...
urgrl22f "Oh my god..." I mutter as I scramble back off of Andrew, leaving his hot, long cock glistening with my juices
Ms. A Yes, I know.
Mr.G i lay there, too shocked to move, my glistening hard dick standing tall
Mr.G well, baby... what, uh, are you doing home?
Ms. A We got the afternoon off.
Ms. A I did a little shopping afterwards
urgrl22f I'm stunned, trying to hide in a corner of the bed, unsure of what to do.
Ms. A So, is this what you do when I'm not at home ?
Mr.G ummm, no baby... not at all
Mr.G it was just this once!
urgrl22f I nod, "This is the first time, really!"
Mr.G i scramble to my knees on the bed, my thick hard cock still standing straight out
urgrl22f "Mike dumped me off here and, ummm, one thing led to another and...."
Mr.G baby, it just happened, I'm sorry...
Ms. A I see
Mr.G baby... please don't be mad...
Mr.G I stand up, naked and wet from my previous shower (Jess you notice that Sarah is also wet from a shower...) and approach you
urgrl22f I brush some of my straight, brunette hair back from my face.
Mr.G baby, i know you're mad... I'll make it up to you...
Ms. A I look into your eyes (Andrew). It's... ok
Mr.G i... really?
Mr.G i blink...
Ms. A It's not an unforgivable sin.
Mr.G what can I do to make it up to you?
urgrl22f I look from andrew to Jess, then back again, surprised.
Mr.G my cock still throbbing as ideas begin to dance through my head
Ms. A We can discuss that later, but if the mood isn't completly ruined... I put my hands on your shoulders.
Mr.G i smile, glancing back at Sarah... "And her?"
Ms. A Sure.
urgrl22f I smile
urgrl22f "Thank you, Jess. You're a good person."
Mr.G smile, leaning in and kissing Jess passionately on the mouth, my cock pressing up against her as I walk backward, pulling her and myself to the bed
Ms. A I wrap my arms around you, returning the kiss
urgrl22f I crawl forward on the bed, then sit with my legs crossed and my lap positioned for Andrew to lay his head back in it if he wishes.
Mr.G we both fall to the bed, my hands search for the edge of Jess' shirt as I look at Sarah, beckoning her to join us
Mr.G i do so, my head cradling in her lap
Ms. A I grab your cock in one hand. sliding my shirt up witht he other
urgrl22f I stroke both your heads as you kiss eachother, my own juices still dripping slowly out between my legs. I reach down and help Andrew pull off Jess' shirt.
urgrl22f I take the shirt from Jess' hand for her and toss it off to the side of the bed.
Mr.G i moan at Jess' touch, kissing her more heavily as one hand reaches up and cups Sarah's neck, motioning for her to lean down so I may kiss her as well
urgrl22f I find the clasp on Jess' bra and quickly unfasten that as well, lifting it out from between your two bodies as I lean forward to receive Andrew's kiss.
Ms. A I sit up to undo my skirt
Ms. A sliding my panties down my legs, I move up to sit on your cock
Mr.G i lick my lips, my hands finding Jess's beautiful tits and massaging them as I kiss Sarah deeply, allowing Jess time to undo her skirt...
urgrl22f I rub my hands on Andrew's chest as Jess removes her skirt, tracing circles along his muscle with my fingernails, leaving small scratch marks.
Mr.G i moan, feeling your pussy pressed tightly against my dick
Ms. A I start moving my hips
Mr.G i bite my lip, one hand massaging Jess' tits and the other cupping Sarah's neck as I kiss her passionately
Ms. A I run my hands along Sarah's shoulders
urgrl22f I pull my lap out from Andrew's head and kneel, then slowly I break away from the kiss and move forward placing my swollen, dripping pussy lips over Andrew's mouth before slowly lowering myself, facing Jess.
urgrl22f I reach forward and mirror Jess' movements, running my hands along her upper arms as I move my hips around about an inch above Andrew's face.
Mr.G i moan into Sarah's pussy as Jess grinds against me, my tongue tasting her wet juices as I tease and suck and nibble on her clit....
urgrl22f "Mmmm, Andrew!"
Ms. A I move my hands down Sarah's body, massaging her hips
Mr.G i simply groan, my hands running up and down both bodies in ecstacy
urgrl22f I move my hands to Jess' breasts, cupping one in each hand as I press a finger on each nipple, flipping them back and forth.
Mr.G my lips close around
Mr.G Sarahs clit, sucking hard...
Ms. A I bounce on your cock slowly to start. Moving my lips closer to Sarah's
urgrl22f "Aaaahnnn!"
Mr.G i slide a finger between Sarah's pussy and my face, managing to start fingering her as I lick and nibble on her swollen clit, my cock moving slowly in Jess's sweeeeet pussy
urgrl22f I lean forward as well to meet Jess' lips as I teasingly pull her hard nipples, Andrew's tongue sparking electric ecstasy in me entire body
Mr.G i moan again, feeling my cock slide deeper into Jess...
urgrl22f I lick my lips before meeting Jess' kiss.
Ms. A My tongue plays with sarah's
Mr.G my finger pushing deep into Sarah's beautiful pussy as my tongue and lips ravage her clit
urgrl22f rotating my hips as Andrew pleasures me and Jess massages them.
urgrl22f "Oh, Andrew, you're so good at this!" I moan before closing my lips down on Jess', over our twisted tongues.
Mr.G i simply grunt, feeling Jess tight pussy around my thick wet cock
urgrl22f I again cup Jess' breasts, this time kneading them just as I always did when I played with myself imagining Andrew was in the room with me.
Ms. A I bounce faster
Mr.G my hips rocking as Jess fucks me, pushing up against her bouncing...
urgrl22f I move in time with Jess, pushing my hips down when she's up, and vice-versa
Mr.G my mouth devouring Sarah's pussy, my tongue swirling and teasing her sweet sensitive clit as I nibble and suck on it...
urgrl22f I groan deeply with pleasure in my kiss with Jess as I let my right hand slip down from her breast to her belly, then hips
urgrl22f I feel the rapid motion of Andrew's hot cock pumping Jess with my hand I as find her clit and begin fingering it even as Andrew sucks my own, trying to enhance Jess' pleasure even further.
Mr.G i groan louder, my hot wet breath washing over Sarah's sexy pussy...
Mr.G my tongue fucking your pussy like my cock is fucking Jess's....
urgrl22f I break away from my deep kiss with Jess to scream out in pleasure again, your tongue long and experienced, giving me pleasure I wouldn't have imagined possible.
Mr.G my hands grab your hips, pulling you down onto my mouth hard as I nibble and suck and bite
urgrl22f I lose control of my lungs as the ecstasy washes over me in what seems like hundreds of little jolts. I feel myself getting close to the edge.
urgrl22f "Ah- ah-ah-ahhhhnnnn!!! Oh, Andrew, that's so fucking good!"
Mr.G i fuck you with my mouth harder, begging you to cum into my mouth....
Mr.G mmmm please baby, you taste soooo good....
urgrl22f I am, I'm going to cum! Ohhhh, gaaawwwwwwd, Andrew! I'm cumming!!
Mr.G i continue to ravage your clit, nibbling and sucking
urgrl22f My body explodes after what seems like hours of tension, of need for release.
Mr.G come on baby
Mr.G mmmmmmmmQ
Mr.G !!
urgrl22f Ohhhh, oh Andrew!
Mr.G i open my mouth and feel your cum drip into my mouth
Mr.G i swallow it, then lick your pussy clean, inside and out...
urgrl22f I feel my warm cum pouring out of my body into your mouth
urgrl22f I nearly fall backwards, but catch myself with my hands as shivers travel up and down my spine
Mr.G and I let you fall onto your back, on the bed
urgrl22f I feel a glow spreading through my body as my breathing begins to fall back under my control.
Mr.G i crawl over you slowly, my huge, hard dick dragging up your leg...
urgrl22f I spread my thighs for you, smiling at you
Mr.G you want this sarah?
urgrl22f You know I do, Andrew. I want you.
Mr.G i lean over you like a predator over fallen prey, bowing my head to take a kiss from your sexy lips
urgrl22f I reach a hand down and spread my still-swollen pussy for you as I accept your kiss.
Mr.G my cock hovering less than an inch from your beautiful pussy...
urgrl22f Andrew... I love you...
Mr.G i pull myself from under your pussy (i dont think angel is with us anymore)
urgrl22f (I think that you're right.)
Mr.G i bite on your lower lip, tugging it gently as I begin to rock my hips, my cock sliding in and out of your pussy, slowly at first...
Mr.G i grunt with every thrust, breathing hotly into your mouth...
urgrl22f I spread my legs fully, then wrap them around your waist, positioning you on top, me on my back.
Mr.G (yeah... too bad)
urgrl22f I press my hips up, then pull them back down, up then down again.
urgrl22f "Remember, Andrew... You can cum inside me, if you want to..."
Mr.G i moan, the muscles in my upper body rippling as I suspend myself above you, fucking you faster....
Mr.G i nod, grunting that I remember...
urgrl22f I stroke your flexing muscles as you fiercely pump me, feeling a mixture of lust, love, and adoration for this Adonis above me.
urgrl22f I clench my pussy's muscles around your cock, making the tight fit even tighter, but even more pleasurable
Mr.G i pump you harder, beads of sweat replacing the water from the shower on my body as our naked bodies fuck wildly, entwined
urgrl22f I pull myself up to your face and lick your cheek, tasting the shining sheen of sweat that must be covering both of our bodies.
Mr.G i moan louder, my biceps bulging as my arms brace myself better on either side of your head
urgrl22f I grit my teeth as you drive harder and faster, "Nnngh, yeah! Oh, yes, Andrew FUCK yeah!"
Mr.G i grunt, fucking you hard, the solid-oak headboard slamming violently against the wall
urgrl22f I feel as though my body is a part of yours, you driving into me like a piston, fast, hard, and constant. I begin to cry out with every thrust as I pump my hips up around your shaft
Mr.G mmmmmmmmm fuck baby
Mr.G you are so hot
urgrl22f Ohhh, fuck me Andrew! Fuck me! You're the man, oh gooood what a man! Fuck yesss! Aaahhhhhhhnnn!
Mr.G i slam you harder, sweat running down my face and chest...
Mr.G my balls slapping against your ass...
urgrl22f I keep thrusting up, wanting it so bad, wanting your cum
Mr.G i moan louder, the bed rocking hard and sliding on the hardwood floor a little
urgrl22f Uh- uh- Uhnnn- Andrew! What are- Wher- Where are you goin to cum? Nnnngh, yeah! Cum inside me, Andrew! Oh, please!
Mr.G ohhhh fuck baby
Mr.G i nod, suddenly slamming you twice as fast, feeling myself about to go...
urgrl22f Yesss! Oh, gaaawd, Andrew! That's it! Fuck me, I want it! I'm yours, Andrew, give it to me! Ohhhhhhh, yeah!
Mr.G ngh.... I yell, throwing my head back as Im almost cumming....
urgrl22f I grab your body and pull myself up to you, pressing my breasts between our bodies half a foot off the bed, slamming my hips up into yours, squeezing your cock inside of me, hungrily
Mr.G nnngghhhyyaaaaAAA!!! Finally, my cock explodes into you, filling you with hot, creamy cum....
urgrl22f Oh, god, yes!!
Mr.G load after load filling your pussy and spilling out onto the bed....
Mr.G i continue slamming you, shouting and groaning as I cum
urgrl22f I feel your hot seed exploding into me, filling me up
Mr.G ohhhhh fuck baby, take it
urgrl22f Fuck yeah, that's it! Don't stop cumming, Andrew! Fill me up with you!
Mr.G taaaake it!
Mr.G ngh... ngh... .... ngh........
urgrl22f I love it! I want it, gaaawd, let me take it all!
Mr.G grunting as I thrust into you over and over again
Mr.G feeling your hard nipples dragging across my chest as my thrusts make your tits bounce...
urgrl22f Your cock feels twice its size as it pumps your seed inside me
urgrl22f My legs wrapped around your waist, holding your hot cock inside me even as we continue to pump it fast and hard
urgrl22f Hot, white cum squirting out of me as you slam in again and again, mixing your cum with my juives.
Mr.G i kiss you hard as I cum, my hot breath from my nose washing over your face as my cock pumps load after load of steaming cum into your pussy
urgrl22f Ahhhhh, yesssssss!!
Mr.G finally, it slows, and my naked, sweaty body sags onto yours....
urgrl22f Fuck me, but it's good, Andrew! You're so good...
Mr.G i pant, my head resting on your shoulder
urgrl22f I let you collapse on me and I hug you, firmly, but with increasing tenderness, love.
Mr.G my cock still throbbing inside of you
urgrl22f My pussy is milking your cock, squeezing out all the cum it can.
Mr.G i let out light moans, kissing your neck lovingly as I rock my hips, helping you milk my cock....
urgrl22f I turn my head to the side, exposing more of my neck for you.
urgrl22f That was wonderful, Andrew.
urgrl22f (Wanna call it there?)
Mr.G sure
Mr.G damn
Mr.G that was good
urgrl22f It sure was. :)
Mr.G kinda sucked how we lost TWO people though
urgrl22f I'm glad you enjoyed it as much as I did.
urgrl22f *shrug* That's how it goes with 3-somes.
urgrl22f That one complete threesome I have on my website is the only one I've ever been in that actually kept everyone together that long.
Mr.G yeah
Mr.G we should try for another sometime
urgrl22f We should. That was a blast. :)
Mr.G mmmmhmmmm.
Mr.G lol
urgrl22f :D
Mr.G i'll try and round up a reliable third next time.
Mr.G lol
urgrl22f lol
urgrl22f It's kinda fragmented. I'll see if I can splice together in a way to put it up on the site.
Mr.G yeah, haha
Mr.G especially with TWO different girlfriends
Mr.G lmao
urgrl22f lol
Mr.G just leave em out and say we moved to the bedroom
urgrl22f We could always make Jess the incestuous sister. ;)
Mr.G but angel was pretty hot when she was around
Mr.G haha
urgrl22f Angel was definitely hot.
urgrl22f It's too bad Yahoo! blew up on her, or she had to leave, or whatever. :(
Mr.G yeah it sucked that she just sorta... disappeared...
Mr.G yeah she's probably attending to something in real life
urgrl22f probably.
Mr.G or Darth Real Life, as I like to call it
urgrl22f lol
urgrl22f If you read this, Angel, we missed you! We'd love to try it again in the future. :)
Mr.G yes pleeeease!
Mr.G me an' you'll just have to hang out in the threesome chat sometime
Mr.G hehe
urgrl22f lol, there ya' go. :)
Mr.G maybe do something public and see who wants in
urgrl22f Mmmm, public is definitely fun.
Mr.G yes, it definitely is
urgrl22f I don't like to go private once I start something in public. ;)
Mr.G hehe
Mr.G yeah, disappoints the fans
Mr.G lol
urgrl22f lol
urgrl22f Well, I guess that's about it for the night. It's 3:45AM here.
urgrl22f Thanks for the good time Andrew, and Jess (if you're there)
Mr.G lol yeah its 12:45 here... im on the opposite coast as you
urgrl22f Yeah, I'm in Ohio
Mr.G and hey, those 132 out of 10 odds proved correct
urgrl22f Pretty reasonable odds, eh? ;)
Mr.G haha yeeaaah.
urgrl22f g'nite, Andrew. I'll be thinking about you in bed tonight. Err- this morning, I guess.
Mr.G well, gnight, and yes, I'm off to have a shower and thinking of you too
Mr.G ;)
urgrl22f :x
Mr.G better make sure i dont have the plug in, or I'll fill the tub when I cum
urgrl22f :D
Mr.G cuz i know im gonna cum HAAAAAAAAARD
urgrl22f Sounds yummy. ;)
Mr.G well maybe next time you can find out how yummy it is
urgrl22f I just hope I don't wake my puritan roommate when I hit the shower at 3:45AM. She's not real keen on things like this. ;)
Mr.G haha
Mr.G just dont moan too loudly
urgrl22f Heh. Yeah, good acoustics for that in the bathroom. ;)
urgrl22f I'll just keep a washcloth in my mouth.
Mr.G yuuup.
urgrl22f later!
Mr.G oooh!
Mr.G thats fuckin sexy
urgrl22f :">
Mr.G i can picture that, and it makes me even fuckin harder, if that's possible
Mr.G bye... i gotta go cum RIGHT now
urgrl22f Just remember that I'm right there in the shower with ya'. :D :x
Mr.G oh, how could I forget...
Mr.G mmmm damn.
Mr.G gnight
urgrl22f g'nite