urgrl22f Hey.
Mr.K  what subject are you a TA in?
urgrl22f Primarily automata/language theory.
Mr.K  awesome, thats deep
Mr.K  i'm an English and Poli Sci major, didn't do that
urgrl22f Those are pretty fun topics as well. :)
Mr.K  oh yea, they are
Mr.K  so what brings you to the chat today?
urgrl22f Just dragged my lazy ass out of bed, thought I'd bum around online for a bit before getting to all the other things I ought to do.
Mr.K  ah, i see
Mr.K  thats a really sexy drawing on your profile
urgrl22f Thanks. :) I thought it was pretty cute, myself.
Mr.K  want to see my pic?
urgrl22f If you want to show me, you may. I never give out a pic of myself, though, so I never ask for one.
Mr.K  oh, ok
urgrl22f Cute pic. :) Looks like a pretty day.
Mr.K  thank you
Mr.K  yes it is
Mr.K  i see you have a nice collection on your website, what is your fav. role, or role that you haven't done yet?
urgrl22f It's hard to pick any one as my favorite. Especially considering how much it depends on my mood. Err- my mom just IM'd me- gimme a bit.
Mr.K  ah, ok
Mr.K  do you want to role play?
urgrl22f Maybe. Come up with a scene, we'll see if it works. No force/S&M type stuff. :)
Mr.K  hmmm, ok
Mr.K  well, i've always like these three, one is that your the sexy neighbor that i've always tried to spy on and then you come over to barrow something, or your a bit younger than me and you come over to see my younger sis but she's not there and its just us too, or that i'm a butler and your parents left and its just us
urgrl22f Hmmm, number three there is a bit different, that's good. :) How old do you want me to roleplay?
Mr.K  i was thinking maybe you just came back from school, or just came back from a work out and just you and I are in the house, you call me up to your room, and we get started
urgrl22f Ok, you want me to be the seductive one, then. No age preference/limits for me? And how old are you roleplaying and what's your name? I'm Sarah.
Mr.K  i'm kevin
Mr.K  i would like you to be young, but around 18 so your still young, but still "matured" and i'll be in my mid twenties,
urgrl22f Ok. :) Ok, just to warn you, early on I like to type a lot so don't panic. I haven't left or quit, I'm just typing. :) Cool?
Mr.K  no, thats cool, i like it when the lady explains a lot
Mr.K  too
Mr.K  I'm wearing gray pants with polished black shoes, a white button down shirt, with silver silk boxers, with my seven and a half inch, thick, shaved cock under it
urgrl22f Ok. :) I'll explain what I'm wearing as we go along.
Mr.K  ok, great
Mr.K  I'm in the two story house, alone, waiting for you to come home
Mr.K  i'm walking down the stair way, dusting as i go
urgrl22f I start walking toward the steps to the mansion that is my house. I've just come home from school for the day, but it's already 7 o'clock at night and dark outside. I shiver as a cold gust of wind blows by me in the dry, winter outdoor air, so I run the rest of the way up the steps to the door. After school I had cheer practice, and then I went to an aerobic workout with 3 of my friends. My body is tired right now, but feels very limber. I push the door open and step inside. I feel the warmer, humid air from inside wash over me and sigh with relief. My windbreaker wasn't made for weather like that, and I'm kicking myself for not putting on warmer clothes after my workout.
Mr.K  i see you open the door and I look up with a smile, hello sarah
urgrl22f I see you standing on the stairway and smile, waving, "Hi, Kevin!" I close the door behind me and unzip my windbreaker about halfway, enough for you to see that I'm only wearing a sports bra underneath it. I don't know if you can see how hard my nipples are after that cold gust of wind. I walk up to the bottom of the front stairway and set down my bookbag. I then bounce up the stairs to kiss you on youe cheek. "How was your day?" I ask.
Mr.K  it was good, boring, but good, as i look at your tits as they bounce
Mr.K  it must of been cold out there, you don't have much on sarah
Mr.K  staring for a few at your great tits in your bra, smirking at them
urgrl22f "Sure was," I nod, "I'm going upstairs to change. Where are mom and dad?" I turn around to kick off my sneakers-- I hit my bookbag with each one.
Mr.K  great shot sarah, haha, mom and dad are out tonight, family dinner with somebody else, they wont be back till really late, looking up at you as you go upstairs, smiling as i say it
Mr.K  sorry about that, i'm back
urgrl22f (S'ok, I'm still typing. ;) )
Mr.K  hehe
urgrl22f "Cool." Is all I say as I bound up the rest of the stairs, two at a time, and run to my room. I close the door behind me, hard enough that I imagine you could hear it shut. Once it's closed I lean against it, breathing. You've always had such an amazing body. I've been fantasizing about you ever since you came to work for us, I really think that the main reason my parents hired you is that mom wanted a cute guy in the house. Dad's rich, but he's not much of a looker. I finish unzipping my windbreaker and toss it over the back of the chair next to my desk. Should I? The way you were ogling me on the staircase, it seems obvious that you want me to. I open my belt and unfasten my jeans. I push them down over my hips and let them fall down my legs.
Mr.K  i walk up to your room, thinking of how hot you are, and how great you looked sweaty, my cock had already been a little excited and i walk up to your room door, thinking if i should knock or not, so i just say, do you need a hand, or anything?
urgrl22f When the jeans are lying on the floor, I kick them across my room under the desk as well. I look at my cotton panties and ponder for a second, then strip them off as well. I roll them down my legs and toss them under the desk. I walk over to my clothes closet and open it up. I flip through some hangars, no, no, not that one, there!
Mr.K  outside your door, thinking of how hot you really are, and how i've had my eye on you ever since i was starting out working for you
Mr.K  looking up, and giving a nice breath of air out, letting my mind wander
urgrl22f I pull out a sexy thong and shelf bra that my last boyfriend bought for me. I caress the see-through mesh fabric of the thong between my fingers and smile to myself, perfect! I lay the hangar on my bed and take off the thong. I slide it on, reveling in the sexy feel of the fabric. I love putting these on every time I do it. I take off my socks, then, rolling them down so that the only things I'm wearing are the thong and sports bra. "That won't do," I giggle to myself in mockery of my mother's frequent criticisms of my sexier clothes. I strip off my sports bra. My nipples are no longer hard from the cold wind, but they are still somewhat aroused. I realize it's because of what I've decided to do with you.
urgrl22f I put on the shelf bra next, this bra doesn't have full cups and so I'm able to play with my nipples for a couple seconds before finally taking the plunge. I walk to the bedroom door and lean against it. I call out, "Kevin? Kevin!"
Mr.K  Oh yes sarah? do yo uneed a hand in there, as i wish to myself that you do, almost running to the door
urgrl22f I giggle to myself when I hear you almost running to my door. "Could you please bring up my bookbag and my shoes? I left them downstairs by the stairs." I listen for your feet to walk away from the door.
Mr.K  playing with my cock a bit, rubbing it
Mr.K  oh yes, sarah, i'll do that for you quick, as i almost run to the stairs, and grab your stuff, trying to get a quick peek to see if there is anything in there that I might look, but I don't look for long, going up stairs, looking at your closed door, and thinking of how sexy you are
urgrl22f When I hear you jog away, I giggle again and run over to my discarded clothes by the desk. I leave the windbreaker where it is, but I kick my sports bra and panties further underneath the desk against the wall. This way, the only way to get the clothes out will be on a person's hands and knees, and even then it'll take some time. When I'm finished with that, I go to my bed, toss the hangar over the foot of the bed, and crawl in underneath the covers. I'm sure to cover myself completely so that you won't be able to tell that I'm only wearing a shelf bra and a mesh thong.
Mr.K  Yes sarah, i say threw the door, i have your items here, both in my hands as you asked, looking up and thinking of how great you looked in that sports bra, may I enter to give you your bag and all?
urgrl22f "Come on in, Kevin," I say loud enough to be sure you can hear me. I feel my left hand drifting down between my legs under the covers almost involuntarily as I wait for you to open the door.
Mr.K  i rub my cock once . . . twice, then come in, with the bag over the slight buldge in my pants, opening the door nice and slow and see you under the covers, where woudl you like me to put your items sarah . . . on no, do you have a cold or anything? I hope there is nothing wrong
urgrl22f I smile, a little more sexily than I mean to, "I'll be fine," I say, "Could you set them down over on my desk? Oh, and while you're at it, could you please get my clothes from under the desk? I accidentally kicked 'em down there, and I don't want to have to crawl on my hands and knees to get them out." I wait for you to kneel down, hoping that the clothes are under far enough that I can sneak up behind you when you're getting them out. I grin a little to myself-- if you're like most guys, the fact that it's a pair of panties and a sports bra alone should keep you crouched long enough.
Mr.K  Yes sarah, as i go over to the desk to try and look for your clothes, wow, how did these end up here, as i put the bag down and get on my knees, then on my hands as well, seeing what they are, there is no turning back now, my mind is racing of your sexy body and i go crawling for them, under the desk
urgrl22f When you turn to the desk, I quickly and silently slip out from under the bed covers. I tip toe up behind you, my bare feet silent on the carpet. I'm behind you, looking at you, and I'm sure I've made the right choice. I lean forward, my hands on the desk, until I'm just above you, mere inches between our bodies. Then I embrace you around your stomach. "Kevin," I say, "I want you." I time my hands with my words so that I start feeling your cock through your pants when I tell you that I want you. "Please... fuck me tonight," I whisper.
Mr.K  you startle me as you touch me, i didn't know you were behind me, i stop dead in my tracks, wondering if this could be a dream, then i feel your hand on my cock, it feels so good then i start to creap back out, i see you in your sexy bra and panties, still on my hands and knees, just enough to get my head out of the desk, i look up at you and i say, yes, i've been waiting a long time
urgrl22f I squeeze your cock through your pants firmly, then I stand up behind you. I strike a pose for you with my left hand on my hip and my head cocked sexily. My long, black hair is hanging down, about half in front of my shoulder and half behind my back. I blink my hazel eyes and lick my lips, watching for your reaction.
Mr.K  i turn around on my knees when you stop squeezing my cock, then i see you strike a pose, i can't believe it, i'm speachless, and you look so sexy with your hair down, i stand up and get infront of you, i look you up once, . . . twice, and get closer to you, as i put my hands on your hips and draw you closer to me, i've been waiting for this for a long time
urgrl22f A man in a uniform, and he's so sexy, and he wants me! I melt in your hands, completely malleable. I've lived this scenario out in fantasies late at night with my hands between my legs so many times, but none of them is half so amazing as the reality of our current situation. I close my eyes, open my lips, and lean in to you. I feel the tips of my hard nipples pressing against the cloth of your suit, the fabric creating just the right amount of friction-- my nipples are itching with desire, they make me want to explode. I lick my lips once more, still open invitingly.
Mr.K  I lean into you and kiss you on your soft sexy lips, as my hands move around to your lower back, kissing you deeply as my hand moves around to your bare ass, with your thong between yoru cheaks, i can't believe this is happening, feelings your nice nipples threw my shirt as i still kiss you, now breaking the kiss and kissing down the left side of your neck right below your jaw, kissing and sucking on your neck, following it up to your ear and sucking on your ear as i squeeze your ass
urgrl22f I press myself closer to you, I want to feel our bodies together as one. When you break the kiss, I arch my neck up and to the right to expose my neck, jaw, and ear to your passionate mouth. I barely murmur, enthralled in the moment, "aa-aa-ahh... Kevin... I've wanted this for so long... you're already better than I dreamt possible." I gasp when I feel your mouth sucking my ear and your hands squeezing my ass. "oo-ohh- oh my- mmm!" I moan. I slide my hands down your body to your pants and slip them inside. I work my hands around to the front of your pants. I feel the heat of your desire spreading up and out-- amazing! I unfasten your pants and pull them open.
Mr.K  my cock getting even harder, as i say out loud, i've been waiting fo this too, for such a long time, you ahve such a sexy body as i squeeze your ass saying, then i go back to kissing you down your neck, then below your jaw and over the top of your chest, then letting out a breath as you find my cock, your hand feels so good around it, i'm in a dream land
urgrl22f My hand closes around your cock on base instinct, feeling the strong, hard heat emanating into me. I sigh when it's in my hand. "You're big Kevin," I whisper, "Very big." I feel your kisses traveling down my body slowly, your chin with its slight stubble that's grown since this morning scraping erotically against the smooth flesh of my breast. I embrace you with my left hand, holding your head against my body, as I begin to slowly stroke your shaft with my right hand.
Mr.K  I let out a nice moan as you stroke my cock as i pull my hands up to your back " thank you sarah, i just shaved my cock and balls today too" i say as my hands reach your back, my cock feel soo good in your hand and i pull your chest closer to me, your tits taste so good as i start to suck on the tops of them then moving my left hand over your right tit, squeezing it, carressing it, and moving my thumb around the nipple threw the bra, then moving my hands to the back, unclipping it
urgrl22f "I can tell," I huskily whisper, "I've never felt such a smooth, hot, naked desire before." I shrug off my bra when you unfasten it, bringing my hands away from your body just long enough to let the bra fall away. "I want to feel it... you... inside me, Kevin. I want you so bad..." The mesh fabric of the thong does little to hide the scent or moisture of my own desire. I'm sure that you can smell my need, and the fabric feels so wet against my skin. I moan again with pleasure as you roll my naked nipples between your fingers.
Mr.K  i put my hands on your tits and play with your nipples, they are hard i noticed, "not yet, i want to make you even wetter first" as i get closer to you again, still playing with your tits as i lean over and start feeling them with my right hand, softly squeezing it, as i start running my hot wet tounge over your tits then over to the nipple, sucking on your nipple, playing with it in my mouth
urgrl22f "Ohhhh, gaawwwwd!" I cry out when I feel your tongue on my nipples, sucking me into your mouth. "Oh, fuck, wow!" I gasp. I squeeze your shaft hard when I feel your teeth brush against my nipple. It's amazing, I can't control my desire. "You- we- must have both known," I'm back to quiet moaning as you continue to lift me up in building ecstasy. "I shaved myself last night before I went to bed." I'm referring to my hairless crotch. My friends saw it in the showers and asked who I'd found. I didn't tell them, but they knew that I was excited all day. I'd been thinking about you since I woke up this morning.
Mr.K  I'
Mr.K  've been thinking about you too, i've been hard for you for so long, as i go to your next tit, licking over the nipples so nice, still playing with your right, but sucking and licking the left nipple, then carressing and kneeding your tits (what size are they?) looking at your nice and wet pussy, i see it is shaved i say, as i go back to playing with your tits as i moan softly as you squeeze my shaft, your hand feels so good on my cock
urgrl22f "That's it, baby," I moan as you kneade my breasts. I hope that my 34C breasts are big enough for you, I know some guys like them really big. "It feels amazing..." I push your pants down around your hips to let your cock spring truly free. I pull it against my mound, rubbing lightly on my thong. I begin to pay special attention to your cockhead, fingering it and caressing it with my thumb.
Mr.K  (oh, that is the pefect size, i love a c cup
Mr.K  )
Mr.K  i kick my pants away as i let go of your tits, giving them one final lick, and i look at you in your eyes, my left hand now on my hard cock and my right hand on your side, as i say, i can't believe how sexy you are, my cock is all hard for you, as i run my hand down the side of your body and over your ass again, squeezing it one more tiem
urgrl22f I answer your words by leaning forward, pulling you closer to me with my left hand, and kissing you deeply, sucking your tongue into my mouth hungrily.
Mr.K  my cock loving it, i return your kiss, my tongue deep in your mouth, as my right hand comes up to your side, and goes to the back of your head, to play with your nice black hair and ear as i kiss you deep
urgrl22f I relax in your embrace, slowly collapsing against you, and letting you support me. I shift my weight slowly toward the bed to guide you there without releasing you from the deep, sensual kiss. I moan into your mouth when I feel your fingers running through my hair, reveling in it.
Mr.K  we both fall to the bed as i hold you in my arms, i'm sitting down with you on top of me, leaning on me as you are between my legs, i whisper in my ear, do you want to warm up before we fuck?
urgrl22f When we flop, the kiss breaks and I listen to you whisper. I respond with a sparkle in my eyes and quick lick on your nose, "Whatever you like, Kevin."
Mr.K  as i hear this i wink at you, and i open my arms wide, running them up the sheets, then my left hand on my cock, and my right hand on your left tits, why don't you warm up my cock sarah, then we'll have some fun
urgrl22f I nod and slowly start to slide down your body. The fabric of your clothes creates an amazingly hot friction between us. I pause briefly with your shaft in the valley of my chest and I wave my breasts around your cock for a few moments. Then I continue sliding down until my head is positioned in front of your shaft.
Mr.K  ooh yes, i let out a slight maon as your tits hang over my cock, as i give you a warm stare into yoru eyes, you look so sexy, i've been waiting for this for such a long time
urgrl22f I start licking you slowly, treating your cockhead like a lollipop, teasingly caressing it with my tongue. Then I close my lips in front of your shaft and slowly part them as I slide your cockhead into my mouth.
urgrl22f My tongue darts around your shaft, licking it, kissing it, wetting it as I slowly suck you down.
Mr.K  oooh yes, as i put my hand on your shoulder, this feels so good sarah, i didn't know you were this good
Mr.K  my cock some how getting even harder than it was from your sexy mouth around my cock
urgrl22f When I have a couple inches of you in my mouth I start to suck, caving in my cheeks to your shaft with a vacuum in my mouth.
urgrl22f Alternately, then, I begin to take more of you in, then suck, then more, then suck.
Mr.K  oooh yes, that feels so good sarah as my hand moves over to the side of yoru head on on your ear, moving your nice black hair behind your eary, you suck my cock so well
urgrl22f I smile around your shaft at the compliment, then continue until I can't take any more of your length. At that point I begin to move my head back and forth, continuing to suck you as I move you in and out. I begin moaning into your cock, vibrating it with my voice.
Mr.K  oooh yes, that feels so good, you've made me so hard sarah, get on the bed, i want to warm you up before i fuck you
urgrl22f I slowly disengage from your shaft, sucking all the way. Then I stand up by the bed and slowly lay down on top of you. "You taste wonderful, Kevin," I say before I kiss you again. I then roll over, taking you with me, so that you're on top of me. I spread my legs under you, then, invitingly.
Mr.K  thank you sarah, what would you like me too do with your tight wet pussy, as i move off to the side and run my hand down yoru body, over your abs and to your pussy
urgrl22f I slowly caress my body with my hands as you do as well, feeling the heat and desire pouring off of me, "Whatever you'd like, Kevin-- I want what you want..." I close my eyes, smiling, as I let my right hand wander down to my mound and my left remains on my breasts twiddling with my left nipple.
Mr.K  good good, i say, get up and let me take off that thong, hehe, it will do us no good anymore, i'm going to fuck you with my cock
urgrl22f I lift my hips enough for my right hand to push one string of the thong down over them, then I stand up as you motion, in front of you, nude but for the see through mesh over my swollen, sensitive pussy.
Mr.K  i come over to you, my hand goes to the insides of your legs as i kiss softly on your neck and i speak softly into your ear "turn around, put your hands on the bed sarah"
urgrl22f I turn around and bend over, putting my hands on the bed. I thrust my hips up and back a bit, trying still to look sexy for you. I spread my legs a bit for your hand inside my thigh. "Like this, Kevin?" I ask, looking back at you.
Mr.K  just like that as i squeeze your ass hard, moving my other hand up to the other side of your hips and gently sliding off your thong. I've seen the birth control pills in the garbage when i take it out, you must be a naughty girl, as the thong drops to the floor
urgrl22f "Have you seen my vibrator too, when you clean the room?" I ask, "I named him Kevin."
Mr.K  hehehe, oh have you now, i wonder if he feels like this, as i have my cock in hand, gliding it into your pussy, slowly, putting all seven and a half inches deep inside your pussy, then pulling out, then back in, going in and out, as i grab onto your hips, squeezing yoru ass as I do it, how does this feel sarah?
urgrl22f "Aaaaaaaaahhhhhh! Aaaahhhh, aaaoohhhhh, ohhh gawwwd!" I scream, then moan as you slide in and out of me. "You're so much fucking better, Kevin!" I push my hips back against you, my head hanging down when you're nod sliding, thrown back when you move. I gasp for breath during a brief respite with my long hair curtained around my head.
Mr.K  grabbing your hips even harder, as i thust my cock deeper and deeper into your pussy, going harder and harder, faster and faster, seeing your tits sway with each pound of my cock in your pussy, i can hear the slap of my balls against your ass, as i moan out a little bit, my hands now grabbing your hips even harder, fucking you faster than i was, going deeper and harder with each pump
urgrl22f I scream out your name, "Ohhh, Kevinnnn!!! Oh- oh-oh- oh- ah- ah- ahhh! Oh, fuck me, yes!!" My body has taken a mind of its own, slamming back against you, wanting more of you and deeper. I feel my pussy muscles relaxing and contracting around your hot shaft, squeezing you and letting go, again and again.
Mr.K  yes sarah, i say out loud, your pussy is so tight and wet. now pounding you even harder, fucking you even deeper, in and out, in and out, harder and harder, faster and faster, in and out of your tight wet pussy, wanting you to cum hard
urgrl22f "That's it, Kevin, I'm so close!" I scream out in my cheerleader voice. I can feel my orgasm coming, 3 pumps left, 2, 1, and I feel my entire body convulse and spasm. My toes splay out and I scream, "Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhnngggg!!" as my body explodes around your deep, penetrating pole. I feel the warmth flow from my pussy around your fast, wet, hard slaps.
Mr.K  fucking you still hard, my balls slapping your ass, harder and harder, yes yes, i say out loud, cum for me sarah, cum hard, squeezing your ass now again, fucking you harder and harder, my cock going so deep into your pussy, still watching your tits swaying with each hard pump
urgrl22f Your continued fucking doesn't let my body relax, instead you start building me up for a second one. I feel a sweat break out over my entire body, my throat is raw from my ecstatic screams. "Ohhh, gawwwd, Kevin, what are you doing! oh my- Aaaaahn!" I scream again at a particularly deep thrust. I can feel another orgasm approaching.
Mr.K  good good, i want to make you cum twice, cum again for me now. As i fuck you now even harder, in and out, in and out, harder and harder, my cock going deeper and deeper than before, my balls slapping your ass as i squeeze your ass, seeing your hair move with each hard thrust of my cock
urgrl22f "NNnngggyyesss! Yess, here it-" my voice races to a high-pitched scream, "cummmms again!!!" My arms collapse underneath me the sensation is so strong as you bring me to my first multiple orgasm. I've never felt like this. The shock and pleasure turns me into putty, I barely keep my legs underneath me, and only because I've locked my knees. Your hot, long piston is doing more to hold me up than anything else. I see nothing as I go through another orgasm, and I feel only your driving piston and your balls slapping my swollen clit.
Mr.K  as you come to your second orgasm, i cum in your pussy, cumming so much and so nice, and after i cum i pully out my cock, taking it in your hand and sitting next to you, how was that sarah?
urgrl22f My eyes slowly lose the glaze they had since my second orgasm, my hand reflexively milking your hot, soaking cock. My knees slowly slide to the floor so that I kneel next to the bed with my head lying on it as I stroke you. I swallow once, lick my lips, look up at you, and say, "Perfect."
Mr.K  good good i say, it was good for me too
urgrl22f I try to lift myself up off the floor, succeeding only with your help, to sit on the bed next to you.
Mr.K  I put my arm around you, we should do that again soon sarah
urgrl22f I answer by leaning against you, relaxing in your embrace, and smiling.
Mr.K  great
Mr.K  I hope you had fun, i know I did, do it again sometime?
urgrl22f Sure, I had a blast. :)
Mr.K  awesome
Mr.K  I'm going to take off
Mr.K  take care, and we'll have some fun later