urgrl21f kisses dazed and snow_girl
urgrl21f Welcome to my shower.
urgrl21f introduces herself:
Ms.s kisses sarah and dazed
urgrl21f My name's Sarah. Easier to type than urgrl.
Ms. d kisses urgrrl back, then turns to snow, kisssing her deeply
Ms.s lol...yes
Ms.s I'm Janice
Ms. d mine, as you may know, is Alexis
Ms.s Jan is ok
Ms.s Hi Alexis
urgrl21f hugs Jan and Alexis, one in each arm, and grins
Ms.s We better get ready for the shower
Ms.s hugs Sarah back and Alexis
Ms. d starts to undress Jan, turning to Sarah for help
Ms.s mmmmm.....slowly girls
urgrl21f Unfastens Jan's pants as Alexis works on her shirt.
Ms. d unbuttons Jan's shirt, button by button, teasing her breasts through the sheer material
Ms.s mmm...my nipples are getting hard
urgrl21f rubs the outside of Jan's thighs as she pulls her legwear down and rubs the inside of Jan's thighs as she brings her hand back up to Jan's underwear.
Ms.s mmmmmm.......my panties are wet
Ms.s i touch Alexis breasts through her shirt
urgrl21f smells Jan's panties and sighs happily
urgrl21f arts her tongue out to firmly lick the moist area of Jan's panties.
urgrl21f darts
Ms. d slides Jan' blouse off her shoulder
Ms.s ooooo
Ms. d her hands coing round to undo her bra
Ms. d her lips descending onto her beautiful nipples as the come free
Ms.s oh, suck on them Alexis
urgrl21f slips one finger underneath Jan's panties, peeling them away from her moist slit, and then lightly fingers Jan's lips...
Ms. d sucks Jan's nipples, feeling them stiffen
Ms. d flicks them with her tongue
urgrl21f reaches her other hand around to Jan's back and starts squeezing and kneading her beautiful ass.
Ms.s mmmmm......my lips are swollen
Ms.s finger me, sarah
urgrl21f slips another finger underneath Jan's panties, fingering her lips more insistently, massaging them.
Ms. d 's hand moves down to join Sarah's, her hand massaging Jan's mound through her panties
Ms.s oooooo, sarah
Ms. d teasing her into even greater arousal
Ms.s i'm so wet
urgrl21f starts kissing Jan through her panties as she reaches her hand from Jan's ass to start pulling down Jan's panties.
urgrl21f I can feel it...
Ms. d strokes Sarah's hair, running her hands thourh it, massaging her scalp
Ms.s i undo Alexis shirt
Ms. d moans as Jan's hands inadvertently brusj against her nipples
urgrl21f starts to slowly tease Jan's panties over her hips and down her legs
Ms.s gently rub Alexis nipples with my hand
urgrl21f starts licking Jan's bare mound, occasionally flicking her tongue over Jan's clit.
Ms.s feels juices running down my legs as panties come off
Ms.s where did Alexis go?
urgrl21f rubs Jan's juices all over her thighs and body
urgrl21f I dunno...
Ms.s ooooooo
Ms.s spread my legs so you can lick me better
urgrl21f (she's offline)
Ms.s oh
urgrl21f start slowly standing up, rubbing her clothed breasts against your bare breasts.
Ms.s don't stop
urgrl21f I guess we have to make up for it, huh.
Ms.s yeah
urgrl21f licks your body as she slowly stands, drawing a line of saliva mixed with your juices up the length of your body.
Ms.s we kiss
Ms.s shivers run through me
Ms.s slowly, deeply
urgrl21f kisses you lightly, then deeper, trying to taste your tonsils.
Ms.s my hot, naked body in your embrace
urgrl21f presses her hips forward, against your hips, trying to feel your smooth, beautiful body.
Ms.s puts hand inside your shirt to cup your breast
urgrl21f holds one hand behind your head to hold you for the kiss as she slips her other hand down to unfasten her pants.
urgrl21f sighs as you hold her breast
Ms.s plays with your nipples
Ms.s helps you undo your pants
urgrl21f giggles and moans simultaneously as you play with her nipples, enjoying it almost too much.
Ms.s puts hand over your mound through your panties
urgrl21f sways her hips back and forth against your hips as she tries to wriggle her tight jeans down her legs.
Ms.s nibbling your nipples while rubbing your mound
Ms.s my hand inside your panties on your clit
Ms.s i sink to my knees, kissing your belly
urgrl21f I slip my hand down my body and pull my panties down.
Ms.s pulling your panties down
urgrl21f looks around and notices that there are exactly two piles of clothing on the floor and two beautiful, naked women standing in the room next to the shower.
urgrl21f giggles
urgrl21f So, are we ready for our shower now?
Ms.s you feel my hot breath on your mound...my tongue flicks your clit
urgrl21f gasps happily as you flick her clit.
Ms.s yes
urgrl21f reaches down, grasps your hand, and pulls you into the shower with her.
Ms.s water running over us
Ms.s we embrace and kiss
Ms.s our breasts pressed together
urgrl21f maneuvers to stand behind you with a sly grin after breaking away from the erotic embrace.
urgrl21f graps the shampoo and squirts some out on her hands, which she then starts to rub through your hair.
Ms.s mmm...feels good
urgrl21f Y'know, when I take a shower, this isn't the only patch of hair I wash. How about you?
Ms.s feel you behind me
urgrl21f slips her hands down to your shoulders and starts rubbing and massaging you with the shampoo suds.
Ms.s the other needs washing too
Ms.s is your pussy hairy?
Ms.s sooo relaxing
urgrl21f I trim it, but I do shampoo it.
Ms.s same here
urgrl21f slowly runs her sud-filled hands down the back of your shoulders, under your arms, over your breasts, down your stomach, and to your trimmed pubic hair.
Ms.s sarah, keep massaging me
urgrl21f starts massaging where she shampoos, trying to relax your entire body through this sensitive part.
Ms.s mmm....i lean back against you feeling your mound on my bum
Ms.s i groan
Ms.s my clit is soooo hard
urgrl21f rubs her hips against your ass as she enjoys the sensation of such a smooth, beautiful bum.
urgrl21f slips her hands further down and between your legs, starting to finger your clit and slit.
Ms.s oh yesss
Ms.s rub my cliity
urgrl21f whispers happily, "This is the most important part..."
urgrl21f kisses the back of your neck and presses her breasts against your back as she continues to grind her hips into you, rubbing your smooth bum against her mound.
Ms.s reach behind me to feel your wet pussy
urgrl21f slowly slips one finger into your slit, then another joins it, as they start to wriggle and explore your pussy.
Ms.s ahhhhhhhh.........moans, sighs
Ms.s sarah, put three in...
urgrl21f whispers quietly, conspiratorially, "I'm ready to go to an orgasm if you are..."
Ms.s yeah......i can feel myself cumming soon
urgrl21f slips a third finger in and moves aroun to your front to give you easier access.
urgrl21f lifts one legs and holds it to a wall, exposing herself fully.
Ms.s goes between sarah's legs.....eating her glistening pussy
urgrl21f pulls you down to the floor of the shower and maneuvers into a 69.
Ms.s oooo.....almost there
urgrl21f I'm close, so close....
Ms.s licking your clit and slit
urgrl21f starts to lick your swollen outer lips and finger your clit.
Ms.s hard and fast on shower floor
urgrl21f inserts two fingers into your pussy, then three, and beelines for your g-spot, hitting it fast and hard.
Ms.s bite on your clit
urgrl21f feels your head squeezed between her legs.
Ms.s my tongue in your slit
urgrl21f Ooohh!
Ms.s yyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
Ms.s cummmmmmmmmmm
Ms.s oooooooooooooooooooooooooo
urgrl21f sucks on your clit hard as you cum in her face.
Ms.s cccccccum too
urgrl21f Ooooohhhh! I'm cumming toooo!
Ms.s yesssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
urgrl21f feels her own orgasm triggered by the juices flowing from you.
urgrl21f Yeaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhh!!!!!!!!!!!
Ms.s second wave
urgrl21f slows down to try to catch her breath...
Ms.s oh that was good
urgrl21f It sure was.
Ms.s you are fabulous
urgrl21f I'm beat tho'. After dazed and you, wow.....
urgrl21f Thanks, you are superb yourself!
urgrl21f tenderly licks your nose
Ms.s did you cum with dazed too
urgrl21f Yeah.
Ms.s you ever met her
urgrl21f How do you mean? In RL? No...
urgrl21f You there?

