Mr.M 22/m/chicago here
Mr.M watsup babe
urgrl21f Hi, not a whole lot.
Mr.M same here....i'm bored
urgrl21f I'm putting off studying for the test I have tomorrow. :-)
Mr.M hehe
Mr.M whats it on?
urgrl21f procrastination is remarkably easy with instant messaging software. :D
urgrl21f Electronics.
Mr.M haha ya
urgrl21f I don't suppose I should tell that prof that I really don't care about equations governing a CMOS inverter... but I don't think he'd take it too well.
Mr.M haha ya
Mr.M so what do u plan on doing now that your not studying?
urgrl21f Well, that's still up in the air, ain't it? ;-)
Mr.M ya
urgrl21f Dud you have something in mind? :-)
urgrl21f err, did
Mr.M kind of did....what do you look like?
urgrl21f Just under 6 foot, shoulder-length straight brunette. ~145lbs.
urgrl21f The weight fluctuates a bit during exams, so don't take that for an exact figure. ;-)
Mr.M i'm 6'2" ... 176 lbs...brown hair....green eyes
urgrl21f Ah, yes, I do have brown eyes.
urgrl21f I always forget to mention that. ;-)
Mr.M hehe
Mr.M so what do you like to talk about?
urgrl21f I talk about people.
urgrl21f :-)
urgrl21f Usually social gossip, though right now we can talk about you and I.
Mr.M oh really i'd like that
urgrl21f I hoped so. :-)
Mr.M ya....so what is it about me an you that youd like to talk about ?
urgrl21f Well, we could talk about something that we both want to do right now.....
urgrl21f ..... but are both too nervous to say outright....
urgrl21f ;-)
Mr.M hah ya
Mr.M we coudl do that
urgrl21f Ah, good. :-)
Mr.M ya
urgrl21f Sooo..... do you have any fantasies?
urgrl21f (I promise not to be offended or disgusted, so don't be scared.)
urgrl21f :-)
Mr.M hmmm....being with someone like you on a wednesday night
Mr.M :-)
urgrl21f Yippee! That's a fun fantasy!
Mr.M yea
Mr.M what about you?
Mr.M cuz i could maek your fantasies reality
urgrl21f Heehee, you're cuter without the silly lines. ;-)
Mr.M hehe aright i'll drop em
Mr.M so what are your fantasies?
urgrl21f Thanks. :-) I fantasize about strong, kind men. Men who love me in my entirety, both body and mind.
urgrl21f You seem to be that kind of guy. :-)
Mr.M thanks
Mr.M so....what size are you?
urgrl21f I wear a 34C cup.
urgrl21f Sometimes. ;-)
Mr.M why sometimes?
urgrl21f Well, there are days when I just want to turn a few heads. :-)
Mr.M ohh i see
Mr.M well what about right now?
urgrl21f Today would have been one of those days, yes. :-D
Mr.M nice :-)'
Mr.M so....what are you wearing right now
urgrl21f I'm wearing a bathrobe and panties. I'll probably head to the shower when I'm done here. ;-)
Mr.M sounds good to me
urgrl21f How about you?
Mr.M white shirt...boxers
urgrl21f Good clothes for this kind of thing. ;-)
Mr.M hehe ya
Mr.M so do you cyber
urgrl21f Yay! You asked!
Mr.M haha....i had to
urgrl21f Yep! I can see some cyber in our future. ;-)
Mr.M ya me too :-) ....
Mr.M why don't you start us off
Mr.M at least get me excited :-)
urgrl21f Hmmm... Do you have any preferred setting?
Mr.M whatever your favorite is
urgrl21f I slowly sit back in the black leather couch and beckon for you to sit next to me.
urgrl21f What can I call you? You can call me Sarah.
Mr.M i'm Chad
urgrl21f Have a seat, Chad.
Mr.M i walk right over to you and take a seat next to you
urgrl21f I look into your eyes and start to get a silly grin on my face.
urgrl21f I move one hand from the back of the couch to your shoulder and start to squeeze it.
urgrl21f I bring my face within inches of your own...
urgrl21f You're cute!
urgrl21f I peck your cheek and pull away a bit, still smiling.
Mr.M i look straight at you....smiling as i extend my arm around your shoulder an pull you a bit closer
Mr.M your really pretty
Mr.M as move my face closer to you, and in a placid movement i begin to make contact with one anothers lips
urgrl21f I let you pull me closer, then I bring both of my legs up under me on the couch.
urgrl21f Thanks...
urgrl21f I part my lips slightly to allow your tongue room to work its way into my mouth.
Mr.M i slowly slide my tongue into the small gap you'd givin me...and i slowly slither around in your mouth
Mr.M as my other hand wraps around your waste pulling you closer to me
urgrl21f I invite your tongue into my mouth, teasing it with my own tongue as you explore the inside corners of my mouth. I move along with your hand around my waist, bringing my body even closer to yours.
Mr.M as my tongue continues....my right hand gradually moves up your shirt
Mr.M finally reaching it's goals my right hand explores your chest area
Mr.M pinching and squeezing....while my tongue locks along with yours
urgrl21f I bring one of my arms around behind your neck and the other underneath on of your arms. I begin simultaneously rubbing the small of your back and tracing your spine.
urgrl21f I gasp as you pinch, then moan quietly with pleasure.
urgrl21f Oh, Chad, you're so strong...
Mr.M thank you sarah.....as i slide my tongue out of your mouth i make my had move towards your neck where i kiss around
Mr.M as my hand is still moving around underneath your shirt
urgrl21f I arch my neck to the side to allow you more room to kiss my neck.
urgrl21f My hands begin to rub your back more insistently as you stroke and play with my chest...
Mr.M my tongue slowly rubs against your neck, and my lips gently peck.....as i begin to slide your shirt off of you
Mr.M i take it off and toss it as i keep fondling with your chest and my lips gently kiss your neck
urgrl21f I lift my arms from your back just long enough for you to pull my shirt off, then I return to rubbing you.
urgrl21f Though one hand is now rubbing and squeezing your ass underneath your shorts...
Mr.M i love the feeling of those firm squeezes....as my head makes its way down to your bare chest
urgrl21f I arch my back slightly, emphasizing my chest for you.
Mr.M i slowly extend my tongue scraping your nipples with the tip of it
Mr.M i then move my head a bit forward and use some more of my tonuge
urgrl21f I shudder with delight as your tongue rubs against my hard nipples.
Mr.M i wrap my arms around you as my mouth takes in as much
Mr.M first the right....then the left
urgrl21f I try to life my chest to allow your mouth more room to work..
urgrl21f I press myself forward, into your mouth...
urgrl21f Please suck them, Chad... You're so good...
Mr.M mmm ... i make a small sound of delight .... i begin to suck harder
urgrl21f Mmm!
Mr.M as i feel my cock begin to harden a bit more....i gnaw on your nipples
urgrl21f My hand behind your neck is now on your head, pulling you onto my chest. My other hand is down your pants, rubbing your ass and working its way around toward the front of your pants
Mr.M mmm i like the feelin of your hand sarah....as i keep working on your chest
Mr.M my hands move down south of your chest while my mouth is still sucking...but my hands begin to unbutton your pants slowly
urgrl21f Oh, I'm sure it's nothing compared to your mouth...
urgrl21f I moan as my hand works its way around front and undoes your snap.
Mr.M i feel you undo my pants as ido the same to yours
Mr.M i then slowly slide your pants along with your panties off
urgrl21f Wow, you're big! Chad, may I let you out of your boxers?
Mr.M yes please do so
Mr.M i await you to unleash my cock from my boxers
urgrl21f I slowly pull down your boxers and feel your massive cock spring forth and hit my own hips.
urgrl21f Big....
urgrl21f I whisper in awe.
Mr.M i smile ... as i lie down on my back
urgrl21f I lie down on top of you, feeling the leather pull from my now hot, sweaty skin.
urgrl21f I press my breasts up against your chest and start kissing you again.
Mr.M i feel your bare body against mine and begin to kiss you back...as my hands are on your firm ass
Mr.M as i rub my tongue is back in your mouth
urgrl21f I feel your hard, long cock pressing against my belly...
urgrl21f I reach between our bodies and find your sack...
urgrl21f I start to carefully tickle and fondle your balls, leaning a little to the side to avoid putting my arm to sleep. ;-)
Mr.M i smile as i feel your hand fondling my balls
Mr.M :-)
urgrl21f I bring my other hand back around behind your head and pull your head closer to mine to deepen our kiss.
Mr.M mmm i feel my tongue go deeper into your mouth
Mr.M roughing it up
urgrl21f I can feel my pussy dripping down onto your balls and my hand that's fondling them...
urgrl21f I try to coax your tongue in further with my own...
urgrl21f I feel you breathing through your noise and I realize that your breath is mixing with mine.
Mr.M my hand that is on your ass slowly moves down a little more and rubs around your clit
urgrl21f I spread my legs a bit, down and around your legs. I feel them sink stickily into the leather couch.
Mr.M mmm....would you ride me baby?
urgrl21f I smile.
urgrl21f Thought you'd never ask.
Mr.M i smile back an await
urgrl21f I plant my hands on your firm chest and push myself up. As I shift my position, I feel your cock rub and throb briefly against my stomach once again.
urgrl21f I scootch forward a little, and feel your cock pressing against my tuft of hair.
urgrl21f I stroke it briefly with my hand that's wet with my own dripping juices, then I raise myself on my legs, kneeling over you and above your cock.
urgrl21f I shuffle forward a little more on my knees and then slowly, carefully, start to rest back down on your shaft.
urgrl21f Chad, do you have any idea how big you are?
Mr.M i smile at you from your comment....and feel your tight clit move slowly down my shaft
urgrl21f I smile happily and spread my lips with my hands, to help your size slip in a little easier.
Mr.M mmm
urgrl21f Oh-oh-ohhhhh.....
Mr.M uhh...i love the feeling....now move a bit faster sexy
urgrl21f I let out a sigh or moan with every inch I insert....
urgrl21f Finally, I can't take any more and begin to pump a bit.
urgrl21f I move my body back up, then back down.
Mr.M mmm i feel my cock harden
Mr.M i watch as your chest bounces and the arrousion you give to my cock
urgrl21f I begin to fall into a rhythm with my breath.
urgrl21f The more I pump, the faster I breathe, the faster I breathe, the more I pump.
Mr.M mm keep going baby
urgrl21f I feel my breasts bouncing in the firelight.
urgrl21f Up and down, up and down
Mr.M ohh yaa
urgrl21f Oh, chad! You fill me up!
urgrl21f My moans begin to turn into screams of ecstasy
Mr.M sarah you feel so good.....as i feel my cock get wet from your insides
Mr.M mmmm
urgrl21f My pussy juices are dripping down around your cock.
Mr.M oh ya baby....fuck me faster sarah
Mr.M my cock gets harder as my sack shifts up
urgrl21f Ok, Chad! Whatever you want..
Mr.M i love the sensational feeling
urgrl21f I begin to move even faster,
urgrl21f faster than I thought I could move.
Mr.M ahh you feel so good.....i feel cum moving up
urgrl21f I feel your cock throbbing, widening, preparing to explode.
urgrl21f Cum inside, Chad! Cum inside me!
Mr.M mmm....just a little longer
Mr.M sexy
Mr.M i watch your pussy move up an down on my cock
urgrl21f Of course, of course!
Mr.M as my cock tightens
Mr.M i feel it coming up...at the tip of my cock
urgrl21f I bring one of my hands from your chest to my own, rubbing my breasts and squeezing them.
Mr.M ohhhh...i let out a moan as i shoot straight into you
urgrl21f My other hand clenches up into a fist.
Mr.M my cock throbs
urgrl21f Oh!
Mr.M as i pinch your tits
urgrl21f Oh, Yes! Oh, Chad, YES!
Mr.M your hard nipples.....mmmmm
urgrl21f I feel your cum spraying into me and filling me up.
urgrl21f The sensation of your warmth is too much!!
Mr.M i then take you off an lie you down
urgrl21f Oooooohhhhhhh!!!!!
Mr.M on your back
Mr.M and slowly begin licking your pussy
Mr.M all the juices that were drooling out...i begin to lick
Mr.M and in my tongue goes
urgrl21f I breathe heavily, my chest rising and falling as waves of ecstasy roll over me.