Mr.B My eyes never leaving watching you. Uhhhh (I stutter because I am nervous) Hi I am Brian...I just moved in across the street, are you busy?
Mr.B A woman with big tits is stripping in front of a man who is seated on a couch .
Mr.B Your glare is s o inviting witout you saying a word I step inside the already open door and I close it behind me
Mr.B No need to blush...I extend my hand as if to help you up
Mr.B Being so close to you make me stiffen instantly. Our bodies brush together slightly and I know I am in the right spot at the right time
Mr.B I look at you, interesting choice of television...Why watch a movie when you can have the real thing?
Mr.B I take a seat, my eyes never leave you as you walk away
Mr.B As you set the remote down, I pick it up...I feel how wet it is. I turn the TV back on and turn the volume up as you enter your bedroom. I sit there and watch as I wait for you to return
Mr.B I slide my shirt off as all of the sudden it became really hot inside the house. I am sitting on the couch wondering what exactly you are doing in that bedroom
Mr.B I walk to your bedroom door. And stand in front of it, imagining you lying there pleasuring yourself again. A fantasy plays out in my mind, and I can not hold back, I open the door
Mr.B I stand in your doorway, watching you with my shirt off
Mr.B I move between your legs, spreading them slightly. I kiss the insides of your thighs softly, feeling how hot, wet, and sticky they already are
Mr.B My tongue traces a gentle trail up to your wet pussy
Mr.B I tease your clit with my tongue and use my fingers to spread your pussy
Mr.B My tongue teases your clit each time I slide it inand out of your wet pussy
Mr.B I slide it deep inside, tasting how sweet you are
Mr.B I bury my head in between your legs, My tongue deep inside you as I move my head back and forth
Mr.B My hands move to your ass, I grab you there and pull you closer to me
Mr.B I arch your back as I slide my tongue quickly in and out of your pussy
Mr.B I stand up in front of you
Mr.B I unbuckle my pants, and allow them to slide off
Mr.B My eyes fixed on you
Mr.B My cock stiff in my boxers
Mr.B I slide my boxers off, I am fully aroused just from your gentle touch
Mr.B My hands slide down toy our stomach, pulling that tight tanktop off
Mr.B Revealing your beautiful breasts and those hard nipples
Mr.B Your hot breath onmy cock is so stimulating
Mr.B The palms of my hand glide over your hard nipples
Mr.B As I thrust my hips to and from your mouth
Mr.B I cup your breasts in my hand, squeezing slightly, my thumbs rub your nipples
Mr.B I move your hand allowing your hands to focus on me
Mr.B I slid emy hand down to your pussy fingering you as you suck me
Mr.B 2 fingers deep inside you, and then all the way out to rub your clit
Mr.B And then quickly back inside you, the motion is deep and fast. I move so easily in and out of your pussy
Mr.B My cock so hard from you sucking me
Mr.B I move away from you, I take your hands and place them on the back of the couch
Mr.B You facing away from me
Mr.B I meant bed...we started at the couch..sorry!
Mr.B Your hands on the bed, leaning you over slightly
Mr.B Spreading your legs a little as I move directly behind you
Mr.B The tip of my cock brushes against your clit
Mr.B And then with one quick hard, thrust I penetrate you
Mr.B My cock deep inside your pussy, staying there for a few seconds rolling my hips making sure you feel every inch of me
Mr.B I move away from you, sliding my cock almost all the way out
Mr.B And then back inside
Mr.B My motion is slow, am enjoying how good you feel
Mr.B My hands move to your hips and I use your hips for leverage
Mr.B My pace quickens
Mr.B It is a faster pace, in and out
Mr.B I move so our bodies slap together
Mr.B Making sure you take all of me each time
Mr.B I reach around and grab a hold of your tits
Mr.B A little more intense as I am enjoying the moment
Mr.B I take your nipples between my fingers and roll them, pinching them slighly
Mr.B My cock still sliding in and out of you
Mr.B I move with more intensity, my hands back to your hips
Mr.B It is harder and deeper now
Mr.B BArely able to hold back my cock exploding
Mr.B I move with more passion, concentrating as I slam my cock in and out of your pussy
Mr.B Holding back everything I want to let go just for a few more minutes
Mr.B Not able to hold back anymore
Mr.B (Where do you want me to cum?)
Mr.B My knees get weak, my cock fully aroused
Mr.B I shoot my hot load deep inside your wet pussy
Mr.B An eruption inside you as I let it all out
Mr.B Staying there, feeling your pussy clenching and then relaxing with each moment of your orgasm
Mr.B I slide my hands gently up your back
Mr.B Pull yor hair playfully to bring you towards me
Mr.B And I kiss you passionately, that is the kind of neighbor I am I say
Mr.B I scramble looking for my clothes not realizing you were married
Mr.B Am right next door if you ever need anything
Mr.B A whole week!! That means an awful lot of sex for me I smile back!!
Mr.B Listening and enjoying everything you are saying!! Like I said I always aim to please!!
Mr.B Whenever, wherever!!
Mr.B You know if you giggle when a man is standing in front of you naked, you may give him a complex!!
Mr.B Back door huh??
Mr.B Sounds like a plan!
Mr.B Sound, how about look!! I stroke my cock as it starts to stiffen.
Mr.B I understand!! I hug you back, your touch is incredible I think to myself not wanting to let go
Mr.B WOW!
Mr.B 3rd time!
Mr.B You are amazing!
Mr.B I get dressed and walk towards the door
Mr.B I glance back, shaking my head in utter amazement
Mr.B And walk out the door
Mr.B That was fun!!
Mr.B You are a damn sexy woman, at least your thoughts are!!
Mr.B Thank You!! Do you have to leave? Or you going to tell me about yourself in real life, rathe rthan roleplay!
Mr.B I understood!
Mr.B Looks, and likes?
Mr.B What do you do when you are not being a student?
Mr.B Very Pretty!! At least what I am picturing!! HA HA
Mr.B Nothing like a hot summer day to really get the day going
Mr.B I would be intimidated by a super model...I am into real people!!
Mr.B Does that make sense?
Mr.B Your principle is right on!! Either way you look at, nothing to be jealous about
Mr.B Just speaking the truth
Mr.B Nothing wrong with what you are saying!!
Mr.B It makes a lot of sense
Mr.B A woman with drive as well!! Very sexy!
Mr.B I do know that feeling!! I was more of a person who wanted to start the "real life" rather than keep staying in school
Mr.B Thought about a master's but did not do that
Mr.B Let alone you will be starting with a higher salary!!
Mr.B You will, can tell that about you already!! You get what you want!!
Mr.B That's a good thing!
Mr.B Same here!! Has been raining non stop in good old Virginia!
Mr.B True! Like watching them move in and then move away!
Mr.B That's not bad either
Mr.B I understand!! Have a great day and it was really nice meeting you!
Mr.B Can I add you as a friend?
Mr.B Cool!