Mr.F  (that's ok..:) ) I slowly walk towards you.. 'shouldn't you be out on the field with the other girls, young lady?'
Mr.F  i take the purse from your hand.. liking your obvious discomfort, 'and this purse, your's, is it?'
Mr.F  i reach down into your bag, pulling out a wallet.. 'oh.. this must be your boyfriend's..?'
Mr.F  I smile at you.. my hand moving to your waist 'so you're going to this lesson, right?'
Mr.F  i sit down on the bench, my fingers trailing down your leg. 'well... if you're going to your lesson you'll have to get changed, won't you?'
Mr.F  I lean back against the wall.. feeling my cock start to harden as I realise the power I have over you
Mr.F  'you do have your gym kit?'
Mr.F  'go and get it then..'
Mr.F  my hand has moved in between my legs as i watch you from behind..
Mr.F  'well bring it over then..'
Mr.F  'I think you have to take your clothes off first before you get into your kit.. don't you think?'
Mr.F  my cock is almost hard in my pants.. my eyes moving down your body.. resting on the top button of your blouse
Mr.F  my eyes take in your slim firm torso..
Mr.F  my cock so hard now..
Mr.F  i can't resist moving my hand down to my groin.. softly rubbing..
Mr.F  'see.. it's not that hard is it?'
Mr.F  i see your eyes flick down to my hand as i massage my cock.. and then up to meet my eyes
Mr.F  i part my legs.. 'and all you have to do now is put your kit on..'
Mr.F  the shape of my cock is so obvious down my trouser leg
Mr.F  i lean over, my fingertips stroking through your hair.. 'don't you worry about me.. put your kit on..'
Mr.F  (let's say a very short skirt and a white polo shirt..)
Mr.F  i rubbing faster and faster... seeing you bending over in your underwear..
Mr.F  i watch intently..
Mr.F  i feel my pre-cum on my leg..
Mr.F  'you can undo that last button.. and turn around to put the skirt on..'
Mr.F  i moan softly as you bend over.. your ass in the air..
Mr.F  i wait for you to turn around again..
Mr.F  my eyes move all over your body.. i'm so horny now.. your tight kit outlining every curve of your body
Mr.F  i part my legs
Mr.F  come over here..
Mr.F  i smile to myself
Mr.F  closer
Mr.F  i stop rubbing myself.. my hands moving to your legs.. one the outside of either leg
Mr.F  slowly sliding higher
Mr.F  'now.. tell me why you needed your purse so desperately..'
Mr.F  my hands are now around your waist.. moving higher
Mr.F  my hands move round, slowly cupping your breasts
Mr.F  i smile at you... my fingers undoing the button
Mr.F  and then the next
Mr.F  when your blouse is unbuttoned i push it to the side.. letting it slip down your shoulders
Mr.F  trailing my fingers over your soft skin.. round to your back.. up towards the clasp of your bra
Mr.F  i unfasten your bra
Mr.F  pushing the straps down your shoulders
Mr.F  moving back to the front and pulling at the cups..
Mr.F  overtaken by lust
Mr.F  i move your bra down.. exposing your breasts to me
Mr.F  now you are standing topless in front of me
Mr.F  i lean forward
Mr.F  my mouth close to your breast
Mr.F  breathing on your nipple
Mr.F  pushing out my wet tongue.. flicking the tip over your nipple
Mr.F  my tongue circles your nipple.. taking it into my mouth
Mr.F  sucking
Mr.F  feeling it become erect in my mouth
Mr.F  i pause.. 'shhhhhh.. you wouldn't want me to open 'your' purse now, would you..?'
Mr.F  my hand moves up to massage your other breast
Mr.F  kneading the soft flesh
Mr.F  my free hand moves down your back.. holding your firm ass
Mr.F  i find the top of the zipper and start to slowly slide it down
Mr.F  i feel the waistband of your thong.. moving round to the front.. down.. over your mound..
Mr.F  my cock is twitching in my pants.. my breathing so heavy as i switch to take the other nipple into my mouth
Mr.F  i know that the other girls are all out on the field and that no-one should hear
Mr.F  i feel the heat from your pussy on my fingers as they move down the fabric.. touching you
Mr.F  feeling a slight wetness seeping through your thong as I rub you
Mr.F  i move my hand from your breast.. taking your hand.. moving it to my knee
Mr.F  I push the thin strip of material to the side.. my middle finger rests in between your pussy lips.. i start to press.. my finger slips in between them
Mr.F  i push you up straight.. making you stand up straight in front of me as i slide my finger up and down your wet slit
Mr.F  i sit back again.. looking up and down your naked body
Mr.F  my hand returning to my groin as i pleasure both of us..
Mr.F  (oops.. sorry.. ok. :))
Mr.F  (erm.. :) )
Mr.F  my finger finds your clit
Mr.F  rubbing it so softly
Mr.F  in circles
Mr.F  round and round
Mr.F  my finger slides down to your wet hole... resting against it as i start to rub your clit with my thumb
Mr.F  i start to unzip myself
Mr.F  as i pull my thick hard cock out of my pants i push my finger inside you
Mr.F  sliding another finger inside you now
Mr.F  fingering you as i stroke myself
Mr.F  my hand sliding up and down my cock
Mr.F  my eyes watching your closed eyes.. your hands kneading your own breasts
Mr.F  i finally stand up
Mr.F  leaning down.. my face close to yours
Mr.F  leaning closer.. my lips meeting yours
Mr.F  kissing you passionately.. knowing I've made you want me
Mr.F  i push myself back from you.. leaving you standing alone with your arms down by your side
Mr.F  shit
Mr.F  still here
Mr.F  got really disturbed by someone
Mr.F  sorry!!
Mr.F  almost... but that can wait.. now where were we.. my beautiful young student standing naked in front of me.. slightly wet..
Mr.F  i unbuckle my belt
Mr.F  pushing my pants down
Mr.F  stepping out of them
Mr.F  'i think someone needs to take Sir's boxer shorts off.. don't you?'
Mr.F  hello?
Mr.F  'i think someone needs to take Sir's boxer shorts off.. don't you?'
Mr.F  i moan as i feel you touch me
Mr.F  my hand moving down into your hair
Mr.F  mmmmmm
Mr.F  my cock twitches
Mr.F  feeling your hot mouth around me
Mr.F  teasing me
Mr.F  loving it
Mr.F  mmmmmm
Mr.F  oooohhhh
Mr.F  mmmmmm
Mr.F  i start rocking my hips gently
Mr.F  my hand pulling your head onto my cock
Mr.F  your mouth so hot and wet
Mr.F  moaning
Mr.F  mmmmmm... yesssss
Mr.F  Ahhhhh
Mr.F  oh yesss
Mr.F  i feel my balls start to pump
Mr.F  knowing that you are going to make me cum so hard
Mr.F  gently fucking your mouth as you finger my ass
Mr.F  mmmmmm
Mr.F  i feel my orgasm surging up my shaft
Mr.F  my hips bucking as i explode inside your mouth
Mr.F  emptying myself into your mouth (lol)
Mr.F  pulling your head onto my cock..
Mr.F  i feel your tongue around my cock.. getting me hard again
Mr.F  so horny for you
Mr.F  i tilt my head back
Mr.F  moaning
Mr.F  mmm yess
Mr.F  gasping
Mr.F  it feels so good
Mr.F  my cock is as hard as ever as i draw it from your mouth
Mr.F  i walk round so i am standing behind you
Mr.F  i walk round so i am standing behind you
Mr.F  i lean in
Mr.F  my lips almost touching your ear
Mr.F  i reach around you
Mr.F  taking your hands in mine
Mr.F  leading them down to the bench
Mr.F  bending you over
Mr.F  my cock rubbing against your ass crack
Mr.F  my hands trail back up your arms
Mr.F  down your back..
Mr.F  settling on either side of your waist
Mr.F  i bend my knees slightly.. my cock moving down over your asshole.. finding your wet, juicy hole
Mr.F  so wet
Mr.F  pushing gently with my hips
Mr.F  feeling you start to open for me
Mr.F  stretching to take me in
Mr.F  the tip of my cock inside you
Mr.F  pushing further
Mr.F  furhter inside
Mr.F  letting you envelop me
Mr.F  pulling you back onto me
Mr.F  fully inside you
Mr.F  i draw my cock out slowly and thrust back inside you
Mr.F  so deep
Mr.F  my cock sliding in and out of your cunt
Mr.F  (ah... crossed lines.. sorry.. i went over your asshole, down to your pussy.. :">)
Mr.F  (lol)
Mr.F  my cock sliding in and out of your cunt
Mr.F  (let's start here!!)
Mr.F  pulling you back
Mr.F  grinding against you
Mr.F  pulling you back onto me as i do
Mr.F  finding a rhythm
Mr.F  faster and faster
Mr.F  hard
Mr.F  looking down at my cock.. fucking one of my students..
Mr.F  feeling you tighten around me
Mr.F  ramming into you
Mr.F  my hands move down and around your body
Mr.F  cupping your breasts
Mr.F  squeezing as i fuck you
Mr.F  in and out
Mr.F  oh my godddd
Mr.F  it feels so good
Mr.F  mmmmm
Mr.F  your cunt tightens around me
Mr.F  my hand moving up from your breast.. my finger against your mouth
Mr.F  letting you suck as i fuck you mercilessly
Mr.F  feeling you cum all over my cock
Mr.F  yessss
Mr.F  mmmmm
Mr.F  feeling my balls pumping again as your pussy gets SO slick from your cum
Mr.F  faster and faster I fuck you
Mr.F  ohhhhhh yesss
Mr.F  mmnnm
Mr.F  i moan as i pound into you
Mr.F  my hands sliding back down to your ass
Mr.F  squeezing hard as my hips buck
Mr.F  cumming inside you
Mr.F  pumping my load into you
Mr.F  still fucking you as i empty every last bit of cum into your tight cunt
Mr.F  ooohhh yesss... mmmm
Mr.F  i pull you upright
Mr.F  spinning us round
Mr.F  sitting down on the bench.. you on my lap.. still inside you
Mr.F  kissing your neck..
Mr.F  i look up at the clock on the wall.. seeing that the other girls are due back in a few minutes
Mr.F  I whisper in your ear.. 'I think we'd better get dressed young lady.. and you should put your purse back in your jacket..'
Mr.F  'oh.. and you can come to my office for your detention after school.... :)'
Mr.F  I stand up and get dressed..
Mr.F  turning to you and kissing you on the lips before walking out of the changing room 'I'd better leave.. you never know who might be watching.. ;)'
Mr.F  oh ok then
Mr.F  mmmmm... nice..
Mr.F  afternoon here
Mr.F  in london.. flat mate coming home then going out again!
Mr.F  i wasn't caught
Mr.F  thank fuck!
Mr.F  living room
Mr.F  where are you?
Mr.F  still horny?
Mr.F  :(
Mr.F  my cock is still rock hard
Mr.F  i came once..
Mr.F  but you young lady got me so horny
Mr.F  i only need to think of you and what we just did
Mr.F  u have a mic? speakers?
Mr.F  add away..
Mr.F  lol
Mr.F  so you wouldn't want to hear me cum for you then...?