urgrl21f Heehee! You like? ;)
urgrl21f lol
urgrl21f Now *that's* something that's only for me to know. ;)
urgrl21f I'll make it a little easier- I do like in NW Ohio.
urgrl21f err-
urgrl21f like = live
urgrl21f There are wild parties everywhere, you just need to know the right people and know the right places. ;)
urgrl21f I'm not quite sure what you mean. :"> I didn't get out of bed that long ago and my brain's still a little groggy
urgrl21f lol
urgrl21f I'm just a generally cheerful, innocent person. 0:) lol
urgrl21f Heehee! Cheerful, innocent young woman taken advantage of? ;)
urgrl21f lol, the webpage isn't enough? :p
urgrl21f Hmm.... Sounds interesting. :) Requires another woman, though, and it's always hard to keep everyone there for a threesome.
urgrl21f Oh, come on now! A fantasy that much fun needs to have two women playing along. :D
urgrl21f Yeah, I suppose I could use some. lol :">
urgrl21f Well, in that situation, you'd say. ;)
urgrl21f lol
urgrl21f lol, I dunno... I think I can handle it!
urgrl21f 0:)
urgrl21f lol, Could be, could be. :p
urgrl21f Sounds exciting. ;)
urgrl21f Isn't that the point? ;) lol
urgrl21f :p
urgrl21f Hmm, I love to do stuff, but if it's your fantasy, it's all up to you. :x
urgrl21f *nods*
urgrl21f ;)
urgrl21f My hair in RL is about shoulder-length, pretty straight, and brunette. ;)
urgrl21f ;)
urgrl21f It's about what you described
urgrl21f Just a tad longer than my shoulders. :)
urgrl21f I lean up against you (What clothes am I wearing for you?)
urgrl21f Ok, I'm wearing tight, relatively low blue jeans, matching sheer black thong and low-cut bra, and a spaghetti-strap shirt
urgrl21f I look at you, wondering what's going to happen
urgrl21f He can if he likes.
urgrl21f I smile softly and nod
urgrl21f ;)
urgrl21f I'm in the bedroom, waiting, and smile at you two when you waln in
urgrl21f walk
urgrl21f I yelp quietly when I feel the shock
urgrl21f Hey.. I thought you said-
urgrl21f My eyes get wider and I stop talking, realizing that he may shock me again
urgrl21f I look at you and your girl, then back at him.
urgrl21f Eep!
urgrl21f I take off my shirt, glaring at him
urgrl21f Trying to make the strip as non-sensual as possible
urgrl21f I then unfasten my jeans and lean over, pushing them down off my legs
urgrl21f I step out of my jeans and sit on the bed, now just wearing my black thong and matching bra
urgrl21f I eye you, your girl, and him, growling ever-so-quietly in the back of my throat when my eyes settle on his face
urgrl21f I reach up to the collar and start trying to take it off
urgrl21f I can't take off the collar, it's somehow locked around my neck
urgrl21f "Fuck you, asshole!" I shout at him. "I was willing to fuck you! Isn't that enough? You have to drag these two poor people in here too?"
urgrl21f The shock causes a small spasm in my back, getting stronger. I lick my lips and just continue to glare at him.
urgrl21f I reach behind myself and unclasp my bra, letting it fall from my chest, trying to avoid the inevitable shock that would be forthcoming.
urgrl21f I slip my panties down and kick them off across the room, taking care to keep my legs closed
urgrl21f I sit with my arms crossed across my chest
urgrl21f I stand up off the bed and turn to face it, my back towards you three.
urgrl21f Keeping my feet together, I lean forward and lean on my hands on the bed
urgrl21f I spread my legs apart, angry but having to submit
urgrl21f (Totally up to you. :) )
urgrl21f I lean down further, on my elbows now, so I can look between my legs at what he's doing
urgrl21f I hear the zipper
urgrl21f I feel myself getting excited in spite of myself, the presence of such a strong man beginning to have an almost intoxicating effect on me.
urgrl21f Combined with the mild buzz I had from the drinks earlier, I'm still angry but the fact that people are watching this man prepare to take me causes my nipples to grow hard in spite of my anger
urgrl21f I wait for him, breathing deeply, the situation beyond my control.
urgrl21f I watch you walk up, another well-built man, definitely more attractive than he is.
urgrl21f I suddenly realize that you're the strong guy I was trying to get to pay attention to me before I came in here, teasing you with while you were talking to your girl
urgrl21f I then realize that I'm fully exposed to you, your hand rubbing his cock against my pussy before it slips in to my wetness.
urgrl21f I moan quietly with pleasure when your hand accidentally rubs against my clit, watching you lustfully as he impales me on his cock
urgrl21f mmmmm....
urgrl21f I begin to moan as he pumps me now, filling me up
urgrl21f I watch you inching over to your girl and I admire both of your bodies, thinking how lucky you two are to have eachother as he pushes into me once again
urgrl21f I understand how wet I am because I know that she's watching us fuck as you approach her, and then I understand that I enjoy it.
urgrl21f I enjoy being fucked by strong men, and I enjoy being watched while I do it.
urgrl21f I moan louder now, the understanding letting me enjoy him as well
urgrl21f I try to make eye-contact with you or your girl between my legs every time his pump moves his leg enough to allow line-of-sight between us
urgrl21f I moan more, groaning in pleasure at his long, hot, strong cock
urgrl21f I see the contact our eyes make with eachother and a I smile, knowing that you've seen my pleasure
urgrl21f Fuck him, girl- mmmmmmmmm- let him fuck you! Ohhh, mmmmeaahhhhh.... I want you two to fuck eachother while waa- ah-ah- ahhhnnnnngg, watching me!
urgrl21f I moan
urgrl21f Ooooh, gawwwwd, let them fuck, man!
urgrl21f I start pumping back against his slams, fucking him back
urgrl21f Trying to please him enough to let you two enjoy eachother
urgrl21f I throw my head back to yelp in ecstasy on one really deep slam, my hair flying back before it falls around my head again
urgrl21f Mmmmm!
urgrl21f I continue fucking back against him, flexing my pussy muscles with his cumming cock inside me, milking him
urgrl21f Yes, oh yes! Cumming inside me!!
urgrl21f I stay in the same position, breathing deeply, my eyes closed
urgrl21f I can feel the hot drips of cum on my ass as some of his cum starts dribbling out of my slit
urgrl21f My pussy muscles are still flexing, still hot
urgrl21f I moan quietly in anticipation
urgrl21f I open my eyes again when I feel her lips on mine and I moan quietly again, with pleasure.
urgrl21f I quietly whisper, "Mmmm, what's your name, girl?"
urgrl21f I'm Sarah, Alicia...
urgrl21f I move my hips slowly in time with her licking, trying to make it easier for her, realizing that she's probably never done this before.
urgrl21f I moan again when he says that
urgrl21f Finger my clit, Alicia.... Finger me while you're cleaning me out... I'm close after him fucking me...
urgrl21f mmmm
urgrl21f Oooh, Alicia... you're doing so welll....
urgrl21f aaahhhh....
urgrl21f I try to grab his cock and play with it as she licks me clean, but I miss twice because of her cleansing causing my entire body to spasm
urgrl21f My breath catches in my throat as I begin to reach the edge, Alicia's tongue working magic on me
urgrl21f Alicia, oh yess! Alicia, I'm so close!
urgrl21f My pussy is spasming around her tongue, I realize that she can probably tell I'm close without me telling her
urgrl21f Her tongue flicking inside me, cleaning his cum.
urgrl21f I begin to instinctually fuck her tongue, pressing my hips against her face
urgrl21f mmmmmmMMmmmmaahhhhhhlicciiiaaaaaaaa!!
urgrl21f I cry out in ecstasy, feeling my own orgasmic cum starting to pour out over her tongue and onto her face
urgrl21f My eyes are closed, my neck and backed arched in ecstasy
urgrl21f I feel the hot hard shaft in my hand and squeeze it, hard, and without any concious thought I dive down on it, sucking for all I'm worth
urgrl21f My cheeks cave in around your shaft, I feel the inside of my cheek pressed against your shaft
urgrl21f My body continues to spasm, I'm no longer sure if Alicia is still trying to clean me out, or just enjoys what she's doing
urgrl21f I grab your sac and squeeze it once, feeling how firm and hard your balls are, before treating them more gently again
urgrl21f I'm not sure what to do, I'm so horny and desperate, but I don't know if you want to do this too.
urgrl21f I continue sucking, trying to do it cautiously but too caught up in the ecstasy of Alicia's continued tonguing and fingering to be very successful
urgrl21f I feel Alicia get pulled away and I try to slow down, try to take it easy.
urgrl21f I fail, now explicitly aware of my cum having poured out and soaking not only Alicia, but my inner thighs as well.
urgrl21f I want to taste your cum
urgrl21f I caress your balls, tickling them with one fingernail
urgrl21f I start playing with your cockhead, tasting it, closing my lips around only it
urgrl21f I suck it like a lollipop, trying to pull your cum
urgrl21f I circle it with my tongue as my second hand moves around behind your ass to start fingering you
urgrl21f I pull off your cock and look up at you, still fingering your ass with one fingernail
urgrl21f He told me to suck you...
urgrl21f ... and I saw the way you were watching me- isn't this what you wanted?
urgrl21f I lick up and down your shaft, like a cob of corn
urgrl21f Lightly nibbling, but this time leaving your cockhead alone
urgrl21f I move the hand from your ass to your shaft and start stroking you as I move my body up slightly to look at your face.
urgrl21f Are you worried about your girl, Alicia?
urgrl21f I lick your chest, the delicate nipple on your strong pec
urgrl21f It felt to me like she enjoyed it.
urgrl21f She'll be a different woman when they're done, and I think you'll like the change...
urgrl21f I nibble your nipple this time, lightly biting your chest
urgrl21f She sure enjoyed being between my legs
urgrl21f I start licking back down your body toward your cock
urgrl21f I slick my forefinger in your oozing precum and lick it, looking up at you and smiling, hungry
urgrl21f I stop for a second, realizing that I'd completely forgotten about the collar, then I smile up at you.
urgrl21f You're right, there's no reason for the collar anymore. I love this.
urgrl21f I suck one of your balls into my mouth and roll it around with my tongue, squeezing your shaft
urgrl21f I don't care if it's off or on anymore... I'll do whatever He tells me to do.
urgrl21f I feel a particular release when I speak that with the H, realizing that He's won.
urgrl21f But He did say I had to suck you, so that's what I'm going to do. What's your name?
urgrl21f Frank... Whether or not you cum is up to you, that strength is yours. I have to suck you... I want to suck you...
urgrl21f And with that, I start flicking my tongue around your cockhead again, licking off the precum that was oozing
urgrl21f I close my lips around your shaft, humming into your shaft, vibrating as I slowly move my head forward and swallow your entire length down.
urgrl21f Once I have your shaft deep in my throat I begin to swallow, stroking your shaft with the muscles in my throat
urgrl21f I fondle your balls, tickling them lightly with my fingernail before pulling myself back off again
urgrl21f I pull off again and slowly slide my body back up yours to whisper quietly into your ear
urgrl21f Of course, if you were to cum deep inside my throat, I might tell him, or I might not...
urgrl21f I slide down, pressing my breasts against you, until I again reach your cock and start sucking you
urgrl21f tasting you
urgrl21f I swallow you down again, slowly, deeply, in a vacuum which expands the size of your massive cock even more
urgrl21f Deep in my throat, I feel your cock pressing against the walls
urgrl21f I rub my tongue around your shaft as much as I can, difficult when you're so big
urgrl21f I squeeze your right ball, again amazed by how hard, firm it is
urgrl21f I reach my other hand around, breathing around your shaft, and slip my pinky into your ass
urgrl21f again continuing to try to swallow you, instead treating your cock with my throat just how my pussy muscles would treat it
urgrl21f I feel my own juices dripping
urgrl21f I moan deeply, trying to raise my eyes to look you in the face
urgrl21f Your massive cock deep in my mouth
urgrl21f I slip my finger into your ass a little further and bring my other hand to my chest where I start to play with my nipples and fondle my breasts for you, putting on a show
urgrl21f I bite down ever-so-lightly on your shaft, letting you know what I want
urgrl21f I suddenly redouble my efforts, trying to suck you dry while keeping your cock hard
urgrl21f For your sake, understanding that I need to swallow it all, deep and delicious
urgrl21f Once the stream of hot cum slowly abates I begin to pull out a bit and work your softening cock around with my tongue, trying to keep it hard
urgrl21f Make you hard
urgrl21f I pull my hand from my own chest back to your balls where I drag my fingernail along your still-firm, throbbing sac
urgrl21f I nod, smiling around your shaft, before again sucking on your cock, feeling it try to grow hard again.
urgrl21f I want to make you hard again so that He won't be able to think that you came and became soft again.
urgrl21f I pull my pinky out of your ass and jab my forefinger into it
urgrl21f He told me to suck you, I love sucking you, and I'm very, very excited.
urgrl21f I wink and stroke your shaft, now feeling pretty hard again.
urgrl21f I look back at you, smiling
urgrl21f I look over at Alicia, wondering what I'll see, as I stroke your shaft and teasingly lick your cockhead while my finger tenderly moves in and out of your ass.