urgrl21f (Wheeee!! Sorry I took so long... Someone with an actual, respectable scene!) I freeze when I hear you cough and turn to face you, the purse in my hand and a blush creeping over my face.
Mr.F  (that's ok..:) ) I slowly walk towards you.. 'shouldn't you be out on the field with the other girls, young lady?'
urgrl21f My mind searches frantically for an excuse, but it fails to deliver, all I manage to do is gape and then stutter out, "U- ummm...."
Mr.F  i take the purse from your hand.. liking your obvious discomfort, 'and this purse, your's, is it?'
urgrl21f Ummm, well.....
urgrl21f n-n- no, sir...
urgrl21f But, it's not what you think!
urgrl21f I look back up at your face, almost panicked
Mr.F  i reach down into your bag, pulling out a wallet.. 'oh.. this must be your boyfriend's..?'
urgrl21f I give you a funny look, "My boyfriend doesn't carry a- I mean, yeah! It's his. He, ummm... He said I could borrow some money."
Mr.F  I smile at you.. my hand moving to your waist 'so you're going to this lesson, right?'
urgrl21f My breath catches in my throat, and I look down at your hand on my waist, then back up at you.
urgrl21f I- I don't understand, sir...
Mr.F  i sit down on the bench, my fingers trailing down your leg. 'well... if you're going to your lesson you'll have to get changed, won't you?'
urgrl21f I blush again, more deeply this time.
urgrl21f Y- yes, sir...
Mr.F  I lean back against the wall.. feeling my cock start to harden as I realise the power I have over you
urgrl21f I stand in front of you, completely lost and unsure of myself
urgrl21f My eyes are wide and I'm having trouble breathing normally
Mr.F  'you do have your gym kit?'
urgrl21f Oh! Oh, yes, I mean- of course!
urgrl21f I look around the room from where I'm standing, and my eyes fall on my locker
urgrl21f Th- there it is!
Mr.F  'go and get it then..'
urgrl21f I walk over to my locker, tripping over my own feet, but catching myself on the bench
urgrl21f Eeep!
urgrl21f I stand up again, straighten out my skirt (which I'm now acutely aware of) and sit on the bench in front of my locker
urgrl21f I open the door and pull out my bag
urgrl21f S- see? I have it.
urgrl21f I brandish it for you
Mr.F  my hand has moved in between my legs as i watch you from behind..
Mr.F  'well bring it over then..'
urgrl21f y- y- yes, sir...
urgrl21f I stand back up and walk back to you, my face looking squarely at the ground in front of my own 2 feet
urgrl21f I hold the bag in both hands in front of me while I stand in front of you, facing you
urgrl21f I'm looking down at the bag, unable to raise my eyes to your face.
Mr.F  'I think you have to take your clothes off first before you get into your kit.. don't you think?'
urgrl21f I gulp
urgrl21f yes, sir....
Mr.F  my cock is almost hard in my pants.. my eyes moving down your body.. resting on the top button of your blouse
urgrl21f I unbutton my blouse slowly, reluctantly
urgrl21f I open it up and pull it off one arm, then let it slide off the other, revealing the cream bra that I'm wearing
urgrl21f I then reach down to the buttons on my blouse and start to slowly unbutton them as well
urgrl21f One, two, three
Mr.F  my eyes take in your slim firm torso..
urgrl21f and the skirt is open enough to slip over my hips and down to the floor
Mr.F  my cock so hard now..
urgrl21f I step out of my skirt on the floor and shove it off to the side, my eyes are still fixed looking straight down
Mr.F  i can't resist moving my hand down to my groin.. softly rubbing..
urgrl21f but nowI can't help but realize that my matching cream bra and thong are exposed for you to see
urgrl21f Though at the moment, the way I'm looking, I can only see my bra...
urgrl21f My entire body blushes
Mr.F  'see.. it's not that hard is it?'
urgrl21f N-n-no, sir....
Mr.F  i see your eyes flick down to my hand as i massage my cock.. and then up to meet my eyes
Mr.F  i part my legs.. 'and all you have to do now is put your kit on..'
urgrl21f I finally manage to bring my eyes up from the floor and I notice what you're doing, and my shock carries my eyes to your own eyes as I realize what you're feeling.
Mr.F  the shape of my cock is so obvious down my trouser leg
urgrl21f My knees grow weak and collapse underneat me, I fall to the floor on my ass, my legs open one to either side and my knees bent so my feet are almost back touching my ass
urgrl21f S- sir!!
urgrl21f What are you doing?
urgrl21f I'm looking up at you
Mr.F  i lean over, my fingertips stroking through your hair.. 'don't you worry about me.. put your kit on..'
urgrl21f (What, exactly, do you picture is in the gym kit, btw? :"> )
urgrl21f (Some tight gym shorts and a white t-shirt?)
Mr.F  (let's say a very short skirt and a white polo shirt..)
urgrl21f (ok. :) )
urgrl21f yes, sir...
urgrl21f I reach for the gym bag, but my eyes are glued to you, watching you
urgrl21f I fumble with the zipper and open it up, spreading open my bag
Mr.F  i rubbing faster and faster... seeing you bending over in your underwear..
urgrl21f I reach in with a hand and pull out my gym blouse and skirt. I stand up again holding the blouse
urgrl21f I put one hand into the arm of the blouse, then I twist around and put my other arm in
urgrl21f I pull the blouse forward over my body and close it
Mr.F  i watch intently..
urgrl21f I start buttoning it from the bottom up, out of habit
urgrl21f one button, then two
urgrl21f Then the third and fourth buttons
urgrl21f The fourth button is the one immediately in front of and between my breasts.
Mr.F  i feel my pre-cum on my leg..
urgrl21f And finally, the top fifth button
Mr.F  'you can undo that last button.. and turn around to put the skirt on..'
urgrl21f But my eyes remain glued to your hand between your legs
urgrl21f y- yes sir...
urgrl21f I open up the fifth button
urgrl21f I then turn around, and bend down to grab my gym skirt
Mr.F  i moan softly as you bend over.. your ass in the air..
urgrl21f Because the skirt's so small (for gym), I don't have to step into it.
urgrl21f It's a zipper all the way from the top to bottom of the skirt
urgrl21f I unzip it to open it up, facing away from you
urgrl21f Then I put the skirt around, over my hips
urgrl21f reaching behind me to try to line up the zipper
Mr.F  i wait for you to turn around again..
urgrl21f I'm having trouble getting it just right, but finally succeed
urgrl21f I zip the zipper up, then turn back around to face you
urgrl21f Concious of my cleavage showing
Mr.F  my eyes move all over your body.. i'm so horny now.. your tight kit outlining every curve of your body
urgrl21f My eyes are drawn back to your hand between your legs and the obvious shape of your cock
Mr.F  i part my legs
Mr.F  come over here..
urgrl21f I notice a wet spot on your pants where your precum's been dripping and I blush furiously again.
urgrl21f Y- yes sir.
urgrl21f I walk up to you, almost standing between your legs
Mr.F  i smile to myself
Mr.F  closer
urgrl21f I shuffle forward another few inches, now standing between your legs
Mr.F  i stop rubbing myself.. my hands moving to your legs.. one the outside of either leg
Mr.F  slowly sliding higher
urgrl21f My eyes move to your eyes, and I see the lust there....
Mr.F  'now.. tell me why you needed your purse so desperately..'
urgrl21f I- I don't know anymore....
Mr.F  my hands are now around your waist.. moving higher
urgrl21f I'm completely lost, having no idea how to react in this situation
urgrl21f I stand in front of you, malleable.
Mr.F  my hands move round, slowly cupping your breasts
urgrl21f my breath catches in my throat, a small gasp
urgrl21f but I don't pull away, instead my eyes half-close
urgrl21f then close completely
Mr.F  i smile at you... my fingers undoing the button
Mr.F  and then the next
urgrl21f I feel the additional freedom you give my chest, unfastening the button over my breasts, then the one immediately under them
urgrl21f I sigh
Mr.F  when your blouse is unbuttoned i push it to the side.. letting it slip down your shoulders
urgrl21f My mind is imagining my boyfriend in front of me, sensuously undressing me, as it can't quite comprehend that it's you instead
Mr.F  trailing my fingers over your soft skin.. round to your back.. up towards the clasp of your bra
urgrl21f I quietly sigh again, this time with the slight vocalization of a pleased sigh
urgrl21f I'm imagining Tommy, completely out-of-touch with reality
Mr.F  i unfasten your bra
Mr.F  pushing the straps down your shoulders
urgrl21f "mmm, Tommy...." I quietly whisper
Mr.F  moving back to the front and pulling at the cups..
Mr.F  overtaken by lust
Mr.F  i move your bra down.. exposing your breasts to me
urgrl21f I move my arms to let you take the bra completely off, helping you, imagining him
Mr.F  now you are standing topless in front of me
Mr.F  i lean forward
Mr.F  my mouth close to your breast
Mr.F  breathing on your nipple
urgrl21f I feel your breath on my nipple and a quiet moan of anticipation escapes my mouth
urgrl21f mmm....
Mr.F  pushing out my wet tongue.. flicking the tip over your nipple
urgrl21f Oh, Tommy....
urgrl21f My hands rise to your head to hold it there, but I feel your haircut and realize it's not Tommy's crew-cut
Mr.F  my tongue circles your nipple.. taking it into my mouth
Mr.F  sucking
urgrl21f I gasp and open my eyes again, jerked back into reality, seeing your tongue on my nipple
urgrl21f S- s- siirrr!
Mr.F  feeling it become erect in my mouth
urgrl21f My exclamation turns into a quiet yelp of pleasure as you suck my nipple
urgrl21f mmmm... sirr.....
Mr.F  i pause.. 'shhhhhh.. you wouldn't want me to open 'your' purse now, would you..?'
Mr.F  my hand moves up to massage your other breast
Mr.F  kneading the soft flesh
urgrl21f ahhh..... mmmmooooohhh.......
urgrl21f I try to keep my voice quiet, no longer caring who is treating my tender nipples so pleasurably.
Mr.F  my free hand moves down your back.. holding your firm ass
urgrl21f I press my ass into your hands, feeling them gently squeeze
urgrl21f (err- hand, rather)
Mr.F  i find the top of the zipper and start to slowly slide it down
urgrl21f I wiggle my hips, letting you pull the zipper down unimpeded, however
urgrl21f I continue to quietly groan with pleasure, the hard walls of the locker room causing even these quiet expressions of pleasure to echo back to my ears
urgrl21f I hear myself, but I don't even realize that it's me.
Mr.F  i feel the waistband of your thong.. moving round to the front.. down.. over your mound..
urgrl21f mmmMMMmmmmmmm!
urgrl21f I forget to be quiet momentarily and release a louder moan of anticipation and desire
Mr.F  my cock is twitching in my pants.. my breathing so heavy as i switch to take the other nipple into my mouth
Mr.F  i know that the other girls are all out on the field and that no-one should hear
urgrl21f I press your head into my breast as much as my arms can to your strong body
urgrl21f Your head barely budges at all, but I hope that you understood that I desire you
Mr.F  i feel the heat from your pussy on my fingers as they move down the fabric.. touching you
Mr.F  feeling a slight wetness seeping through your thong as I rub you
urgrl21f The gentle pressure of your fingers on my mound causes another moan to escape my body
urgrl21f My pussy feels soaked with desire to me, I shift my hips to try to stimulate myself, but desiring you
Mr.F  i move my hand from your breast.. taking your hand.. moving it to my knee
urgrl21f I move my other hand to rest atop your hand on my thong
urgrl21f I press your hand onto me
urgrl21f I then move forward and slightly to the side, climbing up to sit on your knee where you placed my hand
Mr.F  I push the thin strip of material to the side.. my middle finger rests in between your pussy lips.. i start to press.. my finger slips in between them
urgrl21f Ahhhhnnnnnnn....!
urgrl21f The penetration of your finger that I've so desired causes an ecstatic shout
Mr.F  i push you up straight.. making you stand up straight in front of me as i slide my finger up and down your wet slit
urgrl21f I lean forward and collapse onto your body, sitting on your leg, my head next to yours, hugging your body, pressing my chest against you as much I am able
Mr.F  i sit back again.. looking up and down your naked body
urgrl21f [whoops! Outta' synch, we'll follow yours. :) ]
Mr.F  my hand returning to my groin as i pleasure both of us..
Mr.F  (oops.. sorry.. ok. :))
urgrl21f I stand straight in front of you, quietly gasping with pleasure as you finger my slit.
Mr.F  (erm.. :) )
Mr.F  my finger finds your clit
Mr.F  rubbing it so softly
urgrl21f Ah!
Mr.F  in circles
Mr.F  round and round
urgrl21f Annggh.....!!
urgrl21f I'm having trouble standing, the pleasure starts to flow through me
urgrl21f I grab my own chest reflexively, as though holding my breasts might help me stay standing
Mr.F  my finger slides down to your wet hole... resting against it as i start to rub your clit with my thumb
Mr.F  i start to unzip myself
urgrl21f My body waves with the motion of your finger and thumb, I squeeze and kneade myself trying to maintain balance
urgrl21f Ah, ah- ahnnnn, ohhhhh yess...!
Mr.F  as i pull my thick hard cock out of my pants i push my finger inside you
urgrl21f AAaaaahhhnnn!!!
urgrl21f You push your finger into me, but my mind imagines a cock, a massive hot cock that I'm so desperate for.
Mr.F  sliding another finger inside you now
Mr.F  fingering you as i stroke myself
Mr.F  my hand sliding up and down my cock
Mr.F  my eyes watching your closed eyes.. your hands kneading your own breasts
urgrl21f I swallow down air, trying to breathe
urgrl21f My pussy muscles are squeezing your fingers, I feel them as though they belonged to someone else, my entire existence is focused on desire
Mr.F  i finally stand up
Mr.F  leaning down.. my face close to yours
Mr.F  leaning closer.. my lips meeting yours
urgrl21f I start to fall forward and catch myself on your shoulders, my eyes open only soon enough to recognize what you're doing
urgrl21f I open my mouth slightly for the kiss, inviting your tongue, before I open it further and practically suck your tongue into my mouth
Mr.F  kissing you passionately.. knowing I've made you want me
urgrl21f My hands move from your shoulder around behind your strong neck until I'm huggin myself up to you
Mr.F  i push myself back from you.. leaving you standing alone with your arms down by your side
urgrl21f I stand there, my juices dripping down the inside of my thigh, my pussy lips and nipples swollen
urgrl21f Looking at you, confused
urgrl21f (still there?)
urgrl21f No, huh?
urgrl21f Ah, well. Fun while it lasted. Take care. :)
 	 
Mr.F  shit
Mr.F  still here
urgrl21f Ah, wb!
Mr.F  got really disturbed by someone
Mr.F  sorry!!
urgrl21f oooo... I didn't cause any problems by messaging, did I? :">
urgrl21f The one message was rather *ahem* not work-appropriate. ;)
Mr.F  almost... but that can wait.. now where were we.. my beautiful young student standing naked in front of me.. slightly wet..
Mr.F  i unbuckle my belt
urgrl21f I'm standing in front of you, an unsure look on my face, a drop of my juice running down my inner thigh
Mr.F  pushing my pants down
Mr.F  stepping out of them
urgrl21f I look at the bulge in your underwear, then I look back up into your eyes
Mr.F  'i think someone needs to take Sir's boxer shorts off.. don't you?'
 	 
Mr.F  hello?
urgrl21f Whee! Thanks for msging me back- yahoo DC'd me.
urgrl21f Please say the last coupla' things again.
Mr.F  'i think someone needs to take Sir's boxer shorts off.. don't you?'
urgrl21f I look back down at your boxers and then at your face.
urgrl21f I grin and give you a quick nod
urgrl21f I step forward and then kneel down in front of you
urgrl21f I keep my face close to your boxers and experimentally dart my tongue out to lick the bulge
urgrl21f The heat is so arousing....
Mr.F  i moan as i feel you touch me
urgrl21f I slip a hand under the elastic on either side and start to pull your boxers down over the bulge, watching it, licking it lightly
Mr.F  my hand moving down into your hair
urgrl21f Until your massive cock springs out and slaps me in the cheek
urgrl21f Eep!
urgrl21f I start licking your shaft as I finish pulling your boxers down over your knees and ankles
urgrl21f I slip the boxers off under your feet, then bring my hands back up to you
urgrl21f I start to findle your sack with one hand as I finger your cockhead with the other
urgrl21f Rubbing my finger around on your hot, sensitive head
urgrl21f Licking your shaft and looking up at you with your hand in my hair
Mr.F  mmmmmm
Mr.F  my cock twitches
urgrl21f I squeeze one of your balls gently, rolling it around in my hand as I start lightly sucking your shaft from the side with my mouth
Mr.F  feeling your hot mouth around me
Mr.F  teasing me
Mr.F  loving it
Mr.F  mmmmmm
urgrl21f Closing my lips around it like a cob of corn that I have to suck as I tease the sensitive triangle of skin underneath your cockhead with my finger
urgrl21f I start sucking your shaft towards its tip, closer and closer.
Mr.F  oooohhhh
Mr.F  mmmmmm
urgrl21f My hand on your cockhead moves to your shaft and starts to squeeze around it
urgrl21f My mouth reaches the tip of your cockhead when my hand reaches the base of your shaft
urgrl21f I suck your cockhead, trying to pull out your precum, anxious to please you
Mr.F  i start rocking my hips gently
urgrl21f I beegin to stroke your shaft in time with your hip movement
Mr.F  my hand pulling your head onto my cock
Mr.F  your mouth so hot and wet
urgrl21f I let you pull my head onto your cock, I swallow it down as it fills my throat
urgrl21f My tongue twists around it, my throat strokes it as I try to swallow when I can't anymore
Mr.F  moaning
urgrl21f I move my hand from your shaft around behind to your ass where I start to squeeze and roam my finger around toward your ass hole.
Mr.F  mmmmmm... yesssss
urgrl21f I begin moving my head up and down your shaft, sucking it, blowing it, loving it
urgrl21f Caressing your hot cock with my tongue
Mr.F  Ahhhhh
Mr.F  oh yesss
urgrl21f I tease your ass with my finger as my other hand begins squeezing and fondling your other sac, amazed at how tight and firm your sac has pulled up into your body, so strong
urgrl21f (err- ball, not sac. :"> )
Mr.F  i feel my balls start to pump
Mr.F  knowing that you are going to make me cum so hard
Mr.F  gently fucking your mouth as you finger my ass
Mr.F  mmmmmm
urgrl21f I feel the pulse of your body, desperate for you, wanting you to cum
urgrl21f i realize that I want to serve the teacher, more than I ever wanted to serve anyone else...
Mr.F  i feel my orgasm surging up my shaft
Mr.F  my hips bucking as i explode inside your mouth
urgrl21f I feel the cum starting to flow through your cock and I pull it so that only your cockhead is in my mouth, exploding onto my tongue where I can taste your hot, salty cum
urgrl21f I suck the cum from your mouth, feeling myself grow even wetter between my legs
urgrl21f err- from your cock
Mr.F  emptying myself into your mouth (lol)
urgrl21f (sorry if I'm a bit ahhh, distracted.... My hands are kinda' busy too.. :"> :"> )
Mr.F  pulling your head onto my cock..
urgrl21f I let you pull my head further onto your cock again, swallowing it down, smearing your cum and my saliva all over the length
urgrl21f I swallow down your cum with your cock, enjoying the feel of it in my throat
Mr.F  i feel your tongue around my cock.. getting me hard again
urgrl21f I look up at you... looking in your eyes
Mr.F  so horny for you
urgrl21f I start playing with your shaft, making it hard again
urgrl21f licking it, teasing it, squeezing it, playfully nibbling it with my teeth
Mr.F  i tilt my head back
Mr.F  moaning
Mr.F  mmm yess
Mr.F  gasping
Mr.F  it feels so good
urgrl21f I close my lips around your hardening cockhead and suck more, feeling the remnants of your last cum drip into my mouth
urgrl21f now I slowly start to stand, letting your cock rub against my body and draw a line down it of my saliva mixed with your cum
Mr.F  my cock is as hard as ever as i draw it from your mouth
Mr.F  i walk round so i am standing behind you
urgrl21f I stand up, feeling your cock pressed against my belly, and I look into your face longingly
Mr.F  i walk round so i am standing behind you
urgrl21f I stand there with you behind me
Mr.F  i lean in
urgrl21f I let my head fall forward again, looking at the floor with my hands clasped in front of my waist, waiting.
Mr.F  my lips almost touching your ear
Mr.F  i reach around you
Mr.F  taking your hands in mine
Mr.F  leading them down to the bench
Mr.F  bending you over
urgrl21f I let you position me as you wish
Mr.F  my cock rubbing against your ass crack
urgrl21f my hands on the bench, bracing me
Mr.F  my hands trail back up your arms
Mr.F  down your back..
Mr.F  settling on either side of your waist
Mr.F  i bend my knees slightly.. my cock moving down over your asshole.. finding your wet, juicy hole
Mr.F  so wet
urgrl21f I let my head fall and look back between my hanging breasts and my legs where I see you standing behind me
Mr.F  pushing gently with my hips
urgrl21f I feel your cock press against me and I gasp in spite of myself
Mr.F  feeling you start to open for me
Mr.F  stretching to take me in
urgrl21f I moan quietly and relax as you begin to press
Mr.F  the tip of my cock inside you
Mr.F  pushing further
Mr.F  furhter inside
urgrl21f As your cock pushes further into me, I moan louder and louder
urgrl21f more hungrily
Mr.F  letting you envelop me
Mr.F  pulling you back onto me
Mr.F  fully inside you
urgrl21f nnnnnnnNNNNGGGGAHAHAAAAAAAAAA!!!!
Mr.F  i draw my cock out slowly and thrust back inside you
Mr.F  so deep
urgrl21f oooohhhhh myyyyy gawwwwwwwwwd!!
Mr.F  my cock sliding in and out of your cunt
urgrl21f I cry out in a mixture of pleasure and pain, a virgin in my ass
urgrl21f (Eh!?!
urgrl21f (Did I miss omething?)
Mr.F  (ah... crossed lines.. sorry.. i went over your asshole, down to your pussy.. :">)
urgrl21f (Ahh, that's actually a good thing then. I was hoping you'd do that instead of the ass. :) )
Mr.F  (lol)
Mr.F  my cock sliding in and out of your cunt
urgrl21f I feel your cock inside my slick cunt, pumping
Mr.F  (let's start here!!)
urgrl21f filling me up
Mr.F  pulling you back
Mr.F  grinding against you
Mr.F  pulling you back onto me as i do
Mr.F  finding a rhythm
urgrl21f I thrust my hips back against you, hungry, desperate
Mr.F  faster and faster
Mr.F  hard
urgrl21f I feel my muscles pumping your cock, hungry for your cum
Mr.F  looking down at my cock.. fucking one of my students..
Mr.F  feeling you tighten around me
Mr.F  ramming into you
urgrl21f I hear a woman's voice screaming in ecstasy, but only recognize it as my own in an abstract sense
Mr.F  my hands move down and around your body
Mr.F  cupping your breasts
Mr.F  squeezing as i fuck you
Mr.F  in and out
Mr.F  oh my godddd
Mr.F  it feels so good
Mr.F  mmmmm
urgrl21f I feel my body gather up for an explosve orgasm
Mr.F  your cunt tightens around me
urgrl21f My back arches, my voice cries out, my cunt clenches down
Mr.F  my hand moving up from your breast.. my finger against your mouth
Mr.F  letting you suck as i fuck you mercilessly
Mr.F  feeling you cum all over my cock
urgrl21f I'm- I'm- I'm going to cum!
Mr.F  yessss
Mr.F  mmmmm
urgrl21f I suck your finger HARD as I feel the cum begin to pour out over your shaft
Mr.F  feeling my balls pumping again as your pussy gets SO slick from your cum
Mr.F  faster and faster I fuck you
urgrl21f My vocalizations are now limited to gasps and moans, pure animal passion as I press myself back against your cock over and over
Mr.F  ohhhhhh yesss
Mr.F  mmnnm
urgrl21f wanting your cum to mix with mine
Mr.F  i moan as i pound into you
Mr.F  my hands sliding back down to your ass
Mr.F  squeezing hard as my hips buck
urgrl21f P- please, sir! Hurry, cum inside me!
Mr.F  cumming inside you
Mr.F  pumping my load into you
urgrl21f I shriek out again and feel my almost spent pussy muscles squeezing it out of your cock
Mr.F  still fucking you as i empty every last bit of cum into your tight cunt
Mr.F  ooohhh yesss... mmmm
Mr.F  i pull you upright
Mr.F  spinning us round
urgrl21f I gasp and let my head rest on the bench, my eyes closed and my breath coming in small gasps before you pull me back upright and spin me aorund
Mr.F  sitting down on the bench.. you on my lap.. still inside you
Mr.F  kissing your neck..
urgrl21f I lean against you, eyes closed, relaxing slowly
Mr.F  i look up at the clock on the wall.. seeing that the other girls are due back in a few minutes
urgrl21f I don't even notice your movement
urgrl21f relaxing slowly, glowing...
Mr.F  I whisper in your ear.. 'I think we'd better get dressed young lady.. and you should put your purse back in your jacket..'
urgrl21f Eep!
urgrl21f I sit up quickly, my eyes open again, and remember where we are
Mr.F  'oh.. and you can come to my office for your detention after school.... :)'
urgrl21f Eh- hehheh. I smile and blush, then start putting my things back together again.
Mr.F  I stand up and get dressed..
urgrl21f (end roleplay :) )
Mr.F  turning to you and kissing you on the lips before walking out of the changing room 'I'd better leave.. you never know who might be watching.. ;)'
urgrl21f lol
Mr.F  oh ok then
Mr.F  mmmmm... nice..
urgrl21f That was a fun way to spend the morning. :)
Mr.F  afternoon here
urgrl21f Where are you at? What was that interruption?
urgrl21f ;)
Mr.F  in london.. flat mate coming home then going out again!
urgrl21f Eep!
Mr.F  i wasn't caught
urgrl21f Yeah, that was a potentially embarassing situation.
Mr.F  thank fuck!
urgrl21f Good thing!
urgrl21f Is the computer in your bedroom or a living room or what?
Mr.F  living room
Mr.F  where are you?
urgrl21f My bedroom. Ohio, US.
Mr.F  still horny?
urgrl21f My roomies and I decided that it would be worth our money to get a three-bedroom place instead of sharing. We'd all pretty much had enough sharing over the last 4 years.
urgrl21f I'm pretty much spent right now, sorry. ;) I do have other things that I should do today too. :D
Mr.F  :(
Mr.F  my cock is still rock hard
Mr.F  i came once..
urgrl21f I'm sorry! :((
Mr.F  but you young lady got me so horny
urgrl21f Can you finish it off on my webpage?
urgrl21f That's what it's there for..., to get people off.
Mr.F  i only need to think of you and what we just did
urgrl21f That's good, then. :)
Mr.F  u have a mic? speakers?
urgrl21f The next time I update the webpage, do you mind if I add our log?
Mr.F  add away..
urgrl21f I don't have a mic, but I wouldn't use it right now even if I did. My roommates are only through one door, and they'd definitely know something was up if I started talking to my computer. ;)
Mr.F  lol
Mr.F  so you wouldn't want to hear me cum for you then...?
urgrl21f I'd want to, but I can't right now. :( :(
urgrl21f Maybe next time. :)