urgrl21f Thanks. :) I certainly had fun helping to make them. :D
Mr.S it certainly looked like fun
urgrl21f Which one did you like the most?
Mr.S you and sal got me umm...pretty excited :)
urgrl21f :D
urgrl21f I got pretty excited too. ;)
urgrl21f Sal and I actually had that log less than 2 months ago.
Mr.S indeed you did
urgrl21f I haven't been able to get online with her since, tho'. :((
Mr.S i'm sorry to hear that....very sorry indeed
Mr.S it's hard to find a good scener these days
urgrl21f It can be, true.
urgrl21f No trick that I know, either, besides luck of the draw. Happen to be online and in the same room with one.
Mr.S well i for one appreciate your style very much
urgrl21f Heehee! I thank you. ;) And I thank you for not PMing me with the word "hi" as well. :D
Mr.S you're very welcome :D
urgrl21f So, did you have something in mind when you PMd me? Or did you only want to compliment me on my website? 0:)
Mr.S well....i did want to compliment you on the site and after reading it i thought it might be fun to get together :">
urgrl21f I was rather hoping you had something more in mind. :"> What sort of fantasy would you like to act out?
Mr.S i'm your 17 year old neighbor, you've watched me grow from a boy into the man i am today, i am mowing the lawn on a very warm summer's day, i strip off my shirt and mop my brow, my muscles tense from the vibrations from the mower, somehow i can feel someone watching me
urgrl21f Would you rather I be single or no?
Mr.S makes no difference to me, whatever suits you for the moment
urgrl21f I admire your body through the window and feel my familiar urges once again as I watch you. I decide that this time, though, I'm going to do something more than hide in my bedroom with my hand between my legs.
urgrl21f I pull some freshly-made lemonade out of the refrigerator and walk out to my front door with it.
urgrl21f [What's your name?]
Mr.S stretching my 6'3" frame skyward, my tan muscles rippling and glistening in the sunlight
Mr.S [i'm shane]
urgrl21f [I'm Sarah]
Mr.S [hello sarah :)]
urgrl21f I admire your muscular build again as I walk out the door, stunned for a moment before I can find my voice to call out to you
urgrl21f [heehee! Hello, Shane!]
urgrl21f Shane? Shane! You look hot out there!
urgrl21f I chuckle to myself at the double meaning and hold up the container with the lemonade
Mr.S turning suddenly, looking over the bushes, hi miss sarah....oh it is a scorcher out here today
urgrl21f How'd you like something to drink?
Mr.S that would be great...i could use a break anyway
urgrl21f I smile at you, shuddering to myself when I realize that your walking toward me.
Mr.S [what are you wearing?]
urgrl21f I'm wearing tight cutoff shorts and a t-shirt. Panties and bra are pink.
Mr.S my eyes wander over your lithe form slowly as i approach, every curve burning into my mind, the curl of your seductive smile, the outlune of your breasts with just the faintest hint of hard nipples poking through the thin fabric
urgrl21f I rest a hand on your shoulder as you walk up to me, thrilling in the feel of your muscular tone underneath my hand. I squeeze your shoulder as I guide you into my house and close the door behind us with the other hand.
urgrl21f I lead you to the small kitchen table and offer you a seat
urgrl21f I apologize for my house not being much cooler than it is outdoors. I've never been able to afford air-conditioning. The best way I've found to keep it cool is to keep all the shades closed.
urgrl21f I don't want you to think that I'm a shut-in.
urgrl21f I smile at you again as I grab a couple glasses from the cupboard and set them down on the table.
Mr.S i smile and shiver feeling your soft touch, goosebumps flashing on my skin as we enter the cool room, sitting down and shifting uncomfortambly trying to adjust my cutoffs
Mr.S my eyes trace the curve of your bottom as you stand tippy-toe to reach the glasses
urgrl21f I plunk a few ice cubes into each glass and open the container, pouring in the lemonade, feeling your eyes on my back.
urgrl21f I shiver with pleasure, hoping that you want me as much as I want you.
Mr.S shaking my head, freeing my mind from the trance you have put me into
urgrl21f I walk up behind you and put one hand on your shoulder while I set your glass of lemonade down in front of you, leaning over you to do so.
Mr.S stammers a thank you, nervously chugs the lemonade
urgrl21f I feel my breasts brush against your body and barely manage to swallow back a sigh of pleasure.
Mr.S a shiver runs through me like electricity coursing through my spine, the touch of you sending my mind spinning
urgrl21f I look down your hard, chiseled chest at your crotch, wondering what I'll see of your cutoffs.
urgrl21f I start to massage your neck and shoulders, absorbed in your presence.
urgrl21f So, Shane, how's life been treating you?
urgrl21f I barely manage to not stumble over my own words, I'm so preoccupied with you.
urgrl21f I let my body sway forward, my hips pressing against your chair and my breasts softly pressing against the back of your head
Mr.S moaning eversosoftly as you release the pressure in my muscles, my hands reach behind me, fingers lightly tickle your calves, i stammer..umm...uhh....it's been treating me ok...today seems to be a particularly good day though
urgrl21f I smile and take a shuddering breath as I feel your hands on my calves. I lean my head down to talk softly into your ear.
urgrl21f Oh yeah? Why's that?
Mr.S my face blushes bright crimson as i close my eyes....because you finally noticed me....i have sat up late at night, watching you through my window, wishing it was me in there with you
urgrl21f I giggle, smile, and teasingly lick your ear.
urgrl21f Our timing's all wrong then, because I've gotten up early many mornings to watch you get ready for school.
Mr.S turns in my chair, a look of excitement and bewilderment appears on my face...you have?
urgrl21f I let my massaging hands travel down your chest, now, feeling the firm strength of your pecs.
urgrl21f I lean down and sensuously kiss your forehead
urgrl21f A man like you is what I've been waiting for all my life, Shane.
urgrl21f I fall asleep at night thinking about you, imagining you lying in the bed next to me.
Mr.S my fingers slide teasingly just under the cuffs of your shorts, lightly stroking your soft tan skin
Mr.S [brb]
urgrl21f [k]
urgrl21f I feel your fingers slipping under my shorts and I sigh happily to myself, letting my body sink down to sit in your lap with my arm around your neck.
Mr.S fingers falling up and down your tight calves like rain, i gaze long and softly into your eyes, the sparkle there urges me on, i press my lips softly against yours, finally able to taste the sweetness i have longed for
urgrl21f I respond to your kiss with enthusiasm, feeling a thrill between my legs as our lips touch and open for eachother.
Mr.S gently sliding my tongue over your lips, curling it over yours, my hands cradling your firm bottom, squeezing as the kiss deepens
urgrl21f I press myself to you, pressing my clothed chest against your bare one, flexing my bottom's cheeks while your hands squeeze me.
urgrl21f I finally get my body in the position I've so long desired, my legs spread one on either side of you, kissing you, with my chest pressed up against yours.
Mr.S rolling my hips to yours, letting you feel the extent of my excitement, moaning softly as we grind together
urgrl21f I feel how wet I am as I arrange myself to feel your excitement
urgrl21f I start to move my body, grinding you, letting you feel my own desire through my instinctive movements.
urgrl21f I reach my hand down to lift my shirt up over my breasts after unfastening my cutoffs
Mr.S my fingers roam over your hips and up your sides, tracing over the swell of your breasts, hands moving over the firm globes, lightly pinching your hard nipples, moaning as you grind over my hardness
urgrl21f I feel the zipper pull open, they're so tight, revealing my pink panties
urgrl21f I pull my shirt completely off, exposing my bare breasts to your hands and fingers.
urgrl21f I moan quietly when you pinch my nipples
urgrl21f Mmmm, Shane....
Mr.S turning the pert buds in my fingers, stretching them and releasing them with a snap, my lips wander over your throat, lightly sucking over your pulse point, your heart beating fast and strong
urgrl21f I pull myself forward to kiss you again, deeply and firmly, pressing my breasts up against you, squeezing your hands between my breasts and your own firm chest.
Mr.S sucking lightly on your tongue, moans emenate from me and are lost inside of you, each turn of my fingers brings a little hop to you, a quick rise and a slow grind down
urgrl21f I feel my panties growing wet with my juice as my body begins to sweat with passion. I moan excitedly with every turn of your fingers, feeling our moans mix in our tongues.
urgrl21f I suck your tongue into my mouth and squeeze myself to you even harder.
Mr.S reaching into the glass at my side, taking a melting cube of ice in my fingers and rolling it over an angry bud
urgrl21f My breath catches in my throat, a pleasured whimper escaping from our kiss
urgrl21f I arch back away from you and wrap my legs around you as you run the ice cube over me, melting the cold water on my nipple.
Mr.S breaking our kiss and standing you up gently, falling to my knees before you, i loop my fingers into the sides of your panties and slowly draw them down, warm soft kisses follow the pink fabric over your hips, down your taut thighs and calves, smiling up at you as i slowly kiss up your legs, pausing momentarily behind your knees and sucking the soft flesh
urgrl21f I step out of my panties and cutoffs, leaving my legs slightly spread as I watch you kissing me. I'm concious of moisture dripping down the inside of my thigh and I shiver with pleasure as you start sucking me behind my knees.
Mr.S the hint of dew and warmth urges me higher, pausing softly, my tongue flickers over your warm wet mound, my tongue parts the delicte folds exposing your moist silky pussy to me, licking over your soft skin, grazing over your hardening clit
urgrl21f mmm- mmm!
urgrl21f I realize that Shane, the man I've been fantasizing about for years, is licking me between my legs and I can't control my little ecstatic whimpers of pleasure
Mr.S pulsing my tongue over the hood, drawing the swollen pear into my mouth and sucking gently at first
urgrl21f I start rubbing and tweaking my breasts and nipples, both pairs of my lips spreading slightly
urgrl21f Ahhn- oh, Shane!
Mr.S my eyes roll up to look at you as i feast like a famished man on your sex, hollowing my cheeks and drawing harder on your clit
urgrl21f Mmmmmaaahh!
urgrl21f I drop my hands down to your head and press my hips against your mouth.
Mr.S i growl over your hard clit and whisper over it....yes baby...feed me...holding the pearl in my teeth, biting down over the taut flesh
urgrl21f Aaaaaah! Oh- Oh, Shane! NnnggAA! Just tell- tell me what you want me to do! ahhhnnnnn- !
Mr.S the texture of my tongue over your sweet pussy is rough, lapping up your juices like a kitten to a bowl of milk
urgrl21f I feel my pussy lips spreading for your tongue, my juices dripping out quickly only to be lapped up by your warm tongue licking me there.
Mr.S my lips seal over your clit again and i suck hard, trying to draw more of that honey from you
urgrl21f aaaAHHNNG!!
urgrl21f I feel myself caught up in the ecstasy now, unconcious of anything not between my legs
Mr.S reaching up for the ice, popping a cube in my mouth and draws your clit deep into it, my tongue pushing the cube to your throbbing pulsing pearl
urgrl21f Oh- Oh, Shane- Tell me what you want! Ahhnnnn- please! Please tell me I can cum for you!
urgrl21f I feel my pussy muscles pumping my empty pussy, ready to cum from clitoral play
Mr.S please sarah...i'm begging...i want your flood to wash over me.....feed me...give me what's mine.....i growl over your clit and draw on the pearl deep and hard
urgrl21f I lean down over the bare-chested 17 year old eating me out and I grit my teeth, feeling myself about to cum
urgrl21f I will, Shane! I'm going to cum for you!
Mr.S i clamp my teeth down over the swollen nub hard, pumping over your clit, opening my mouth as you beging to pour
urgrl21f Ahn! That's it! aaahaaahhhhhhhhh!!
urgrl21f My body spasms with ecstasy as I feel my cum pouring out into your waiting lips around my pussy
Mr.S i grab your ass and squeeze hard, grinding your roughly into my face, coating my cheeks with your nectar, each drop is mine, like water to a thirsty man, i lap at you wildly
urgrl21f My breath is deep and gasping as I feel your face pressed into my crotch
urgrl21f Shane- Oh, Shane! This is so much better than I ever imagined!
Mr.S my fingers grasp your pulsing clit and roll it hard between them, each stroke ending with a hard pinch, your sweet nectar filling me
urgrl21f Oh- oh god! Shane!
urgrl21f I'm holding myself up with my hands on the table, unable to support my own weight I've cum so furiously
Mr.S i break my kiss and look up at you with a smile, my face glistening from your passion as i gently stroke your swollen lips
urgrl21f I feel your head pull away and I open my eyes to look at you, my body slick and shining, drenched with sweat
urgrl21f I breathe deeply, trying to catch my breath, and smile back at you
Mr.S my fingers tracing the outline of your lips as i sigh contentedly
urgrl21f Shane.... I've dreamed of that every night for years...
Mr.S as have i my beautiful sarah
urgrl21f I let myself down to sit on the floor, facing you, then I reach forward and unfasten your own cutoffs.
urgrl21f Now, please, let me put you inside me...
urgrl21f I look at you pleadingly, you barely more than half my own age.
Mr.S my fingers trace over your cheek softly...yes...oh god yes
urgrl21f I delicately pull your pants and underwear down, letting your cock spring up out of its restraint
Mr.S the gift that god gave me is finally exposed to your hungry eyes
urgrl21f I stroke it lightly, exploring your shaft with my fingers as I drag my body toward yours
urgrl21f I'm barely concious of the wetness that I leave on the floor wherever my pussy touches
urgrl21f I put my hands on your shoulders and lift myself up, still wanting to feel you inside me
urgrl21f I slowly let myself down on your cock, impaling my pussy with your length, sighing as I feel you fill me up.
Mr.S looking at you with a hunger, a renewed fire grows in your eyes, rolling my hips towards yours as you gingerly wrap those raw lips over my cock, thrusting violently as i enter you, sinking my entire length into your warmth
urgrl21f Unh! Oh, Shane... You feel so good inside me...!
urgrl21f I let you thrust my body up from within my pussy with your cock
urgrl21f I start to bounce up and down on you, first slowly...
urgrl21f then faster and faster
urgrl21f Fuck me, Shane. Please, fuck me!
urgrl21f I've never been so horny in the entire 30 years of my life!
urgrl21f Please, Shane! Please, let me feel you ram your cock!
Mr.S your breasts slapping me in the face as you bounce over me, i buck into you ferociously and pull a nipple angrily into my mouth
urgrl21f Ah, yes, shane! That's it! Take me! I'm all yours, Shane... enjoy me!
urgrl21f I conciously press my chest forward against you, into your mouth
Mr.S arching your back and driving into you deeply, your body clamping over me each time i try to pull away, i withdraw, just the pulsing head of my cock remains in you as i hold you away from it, suddenly and wordlessly a thrust into you violently and feel your body spasm around me
urgrl21f Aaaah!
urgrl21f I arch my back in ecstasy, my pussy spasming around your cock
urgrl21f I throw my hair back, leaning back so far that only the strength of your hot, long cock inside me keeps me from falling back
urgrl21f I wrap my legs around your body, trying to hold your massive strength inside me.
Mr.S my arms curl around your back for support, my hands roughly on your shoulders, pulling you down onto me hard with each thrust, the roughness of my cock grinds over your raw clit with each stroke
urgrl21f I scream out with each thrust, my tender clit growing excited again in spite of itself
urgrl21f I let you hold my body up with your hands, leaning back into them as I bounce on you, your cock pounding into me every second
urgrl21f I reach my hands forward and wrap them around your neck
Mr.S each scream draws me closer to the edge, i look deep into your eyes, peering into your soul, each thrust harder and more violently, red raised welts on our bellies from our collisions, my heart leaping from my chest as my composure begins to wane
urgrl21f I sense your increasing tension and cry out
urgrl21f Oh, Shane!
urgrl21f That's it, cum inside me, Shane!
urgrl21f I squeeze your cock inside my pussy, this time my pussy muscles squeezing something other than themselves
urgrl21f I feel your pre-cum mixing with my own juice inside me
urgrl21f I'm lost in the pleasure, screaming out your name
Mr.S my cries mingle with yours as my composure shatters, with a gutteral moan and a ferocious thrust my passion exlodes from me....your name tearing from my lips as tears stream down my cheeks, all that i am is yours, my passion torn from me in thick hot jets, painting your walls with my seed
urgrl21f AaaaAAHHH!!!!
urgrl21f I feel you explode inside me and your hot, sticky cum pushes me over the edge
urgrl21f I feel my own cum pour forth once again, surrounding your cock and mixing with your cum inside me.
Mr.S our mingled passion floods over us, every fiber of my body aflame for you
urgrl21f I pull myself to you and hold my body against yours, letting your hot, hard cock pulse inside me, my pussy milking all the cum it can out of your shaft.
urgrl21f I pant your name...Shane... Shane...
Mr.S i kiss you deeply and wildly as my cock pumps into you
urgrl21f I respond to your kiss as my body relaxes, finally fulfilled
Mr.S my breathing finally slowing, i look at you and smile between pants
Mr.S holding you close, lost in your warmth and your eyes
urgrl21f I relax against you, complete.
urgrl21f I gotta' go. :(
Mr.S fingers gently stroke through your toussled hair, the look of relaxation on your face is the most beautiful site i've ever beheld
Mr.S ok sweetheart....that was great
urgrl21f Great. :) I'm glad you had fun. I did. :)
Mr.S oh good god i did...i'm an absolute mess
urgrl21f heehee! Good. I'm not the only one about to take a shower then. ;)
Mr.S :x
urgrl21f later! :x
Mr.S i hope so beautiful