Mr.H i'm a high school student (6'6", short brown hair, blue eyes, muscular, HUNG) you are the HOT teacher every male student wants to fuck, married, i catch you having an affair, video tape it and blackmail you into being my slut, i hear moaning coming from your room so i go to the door and take a peak since it is cracked open a bit (tell me what you look like, age, and who is fucking you and how (the more detailed the better ))
urgrl22f: You see me sitting on my desk, leaning back with my legs spread and my eyes closed while I quietly moan. My shoulder-length brunette hair flies back as I gasp and toss my head to the side when the man with his hand inside my thong presses his finger on my clit- the man's the phys. ed. teacher. My knee-length skirt is rolled up on my thighs as he holds the back of my neck, kissing the side of my face. The top two buttons of my blouse are unfastened, revealing my lacy, white bra. I don't wear nylons because I've been visiting a tanning salon all winter and would rather not cover my legs. My heels are on the floor under my desk.
urgrl22f: (Sorry, that took a while. ;) )
urgrl22f: [I'm 22 years old, this is my first teaching job.]
Mr.H without wasting any time i run to the A/V room to get a video camera, loving it as i zoom in first on his dick in your cunt, then backing up to get the entire view of the 2 of you going at it
urgrl22f: I feel myself pushing papers and pens of my desk as my hands slide around. I try to stay quiet, knowing that the school isn't necessarily empty.
urgrl22f: My pencil holder clatters to the floor as he slams into me the first time
urgrl22f: I feel a small drop of saliva dripping from the corner of my mouth as he continues to pump in and out
Mr.H stroking my cock through my pants as i watch, the camera shaking as i attempt to keep it steady but finding it harder to do as i get so turned on, watching you act like a total slut for him, knowing you are married
urgrl22f: I feel him slow down and put the hand he was fingering me with over my mouth. I open my eyes and see him smiling at me and bring his other hand up to his mouth with his index finger extended, winking as he "ssshhhhhhh"'s me.
urgrl22f: I blush, knowing that I must have been moaning too loud.
urgrl22f: I lick the hand he has over my mouth, then kiss it, smiling back and nodding
Mr.H once i finish taping it i leave, sending you an email later that night telling you what i have and even including a short video clip as proof, telling you to wear your SLUTTIEST clothes and underwear tomorrow and also instructing you to do something to make me incredibly hard during class (what kind of body?)
urgrl22f: When I get my e-mail from my home computer before going to bed with my husband, I almost yelp with surprise at what you send me. I quickly check over my shoulder to make sure my husband's not in the room and re-read the message, cursing to myself. I delete the e-mail from my computer after watching the clip and go to my room, taking out my crotchless thong, garter, and some thigh-high nylons. I also take out the short, black skirt that my husband bought for me on his last birthday and I find an old blouse that I wore a few years ago when I first started college, knowing that my figure's filled out since this thing fit me.
urgrl22f: I find a black bra and take all the clothing and hide it under some blankets in a corner, knowing that it's been months since my husband last helped clean anything.
urgrl22f: The next morning I get up and act normal around him until he leaves, dressing normally.
urgrl22f: Then, once he's gone, I quickly go to the blankets, switch the clothes, put on some high heels, and drive to school.
urgrl22f: I feel myself blushing in the car, the sensation of the crotchless panties unusual in this situation.
urgrl22f: I feel the eyes of the students on my figure more than usual as I walk in to school
Mr.H i make sure i get to class nice and early so i can sit up front, sneering and smiling at you the entire time, eyeing you like a piece of meat only there for my own viewing pleasure
urgrl22f: I'm about 5'11" and wear narrow, thin, black-rimmed glasses. I thought that they were stylish when I bought them.
urgrl22f: I feel my 34c black bra almost bursting, painfully holding my breasts in too-small a space. I know without looking that the buttons on my old, pink blouse are stretched, the cloth pulling apart
Mr.H rubbing my crotch under my desk as i watch you during class, feeling the slightest twinges of growth in that slab of meat between my thighs
urgrl22f: Throughout class I manage to hold a book or piece of paper in front of my chest, almost positive that my bra would be visible through the emptyness between the buttons over my breasts
urgrl22f: I look at you and see your hand under your desk, I blush in spite of myself.
Mr.H seeing you look i smirk, looking around casually as i let my left hand slowly slide the zipper down on my jeans and reach in quietly to pull out the head of that fat cock, letting it flop out just a bit for you to see
urgrl22f: I see what you do and slowly close my eyes, then open them again. (What class do you want me to be teaching?)
Mr.H (biology/anatomy sounds about right;) ) slowly pulling a bit more of that monster out, then slowly moving my hand above the desk again so as not to arise suspicion from anyone else in class
urgrl22f: I nod, as though making a decision for myself, and then turn around. I start drawing on the white board with a marker, wiggling my ass just a little in the black skirt as I reach around and draw the br.fatecsjc.diagrams
urgrl22f: When I turn back around and step to the side, behind my desk, I set down the marker and the book I was holding in front of my chest.
urgrl22f: The diagram is a cross-section of the female breast
urgrl22f: I walk around my desk without blocking the diagram and I walk to your desk
urgrl22f: I place both hand on your desk and lean forward.
urgrl22f: Would you like to prove that you know your assignment and label that diagram?
Mr.H getting a bit nervous, hoping you coming to my desk doesn't draw the students' stares down below to my cock
Mr.H umm label it?
urgrl22f: (I'm Sarah, btw, or Mrs. Sarah if you prefer. :) What's your name?)
Mr.H (derek)
Mr.H ummmm how would you like me to label it maam?
urgrl22f: I stand up and behind you, attempting to block your crotch from the rest of the class' view, aware of what's causing your nervousness.
urgrl22f: See those lines with arrows that I drew? There are only a couple. Would you like to fill those in?
Mr.H well i didn't really do the assignment mrs sarah, but i definitely know that's a titty, smirking as the class laughs a bit
urgrl22f: I put a hand on your shoulder and squeeze it.
urgrl22f: I look down at you and smile.
urgrl22f: Alright, Derek. You know you're supposed to do those assignments.
urgrl22f: I turn to the rest of the class.
urgrl22f: Alright, everyone. This will be on the test. Copy that diagram and label it from the book.
urgrl22f: Derek, may I speak with you outside the room for a moment?
Mr.H quickly i reach down, stuffing that cock back in my pants an dzipping up, ummmmm sure, fidgeting with my papers with my right hand as i get fixed up
Mr.H standing again slowly and heading to the door
urgrl22f: I walk behind you, looking back at the class to say, "I don't want to hear a thing out of any of you!"
urgrl22f: I then close the door and step out into the hallway with you.
Mr.H snickering as i eye you up and down blatantly
urgrl22f: I look up and down the hallway and notice that no one else seems to be in sight. The hall's empty right now.
urgrl22f: What are you doing, Derek?
Mr.H me? smiling, i'm just trying to learn mrs sarah, trying to give you my best innocent look
urgrl22f: Sure you are. And I forgot to do the laundry last night and wore this to school instead. Tell me the truth, boy.
urgrl22f: I look down at your crotch (what do I see?)
Mr.H yeah well you picked a good outfit to wear, smirking as i reach down to readjust that monster bulge, pressing so hard at the front of my pants, not even fully hard yet
Mr.H the bulge running down nearly halfway to my knee
urgrl22f: Yeah, it sure looks like you're enjoying it.
urgrl22f: I raise an eyebrow and lean back against the wall, practically striking a pose with my arms crossed under my breasts.
urgrl22f: Look, Derek. I'm not against a little sex play now and then, as I'm sure you're well aware. But do you really think you can hide something like *that*...
urgrl22f: I lift a leg and lightly brush my foot against the bulge in your pant leg
urgrl22f: in there?
Mr.H smiling as i reach down and hold it up, showing you the massive size, only one way i can think of to get rid of it maam
urgrl22f: I jerk my head back toward the room, tossing my hair our from behind my ear as I do so.
urgrl22f: I lift a hand up and brush the hair on the right side of my head behind my ear again.
Mr.H and do you think YOU can hide the fact that i think the entire class could smell your juices flowing when i let you have a peak in class?
urgrl22f: I try not to blush, thinking that you couldn't possibly have noticed, but knowing that your accusation isn't entirely untrue.
Mr.H giving you a little pat on your crotch, better get back to class mrs sarah, they might start to get suspicious
urgrl22f: I reach forward and squeeze yours once.
urgrl22f: Just don't get yourself burnt, little boy. You're playing with fire when you play with me.
urgrl22f: I smile sweetly and open the door, standing beside it and gesturing you into the room.
Mr.H as i walk past you i grunt in your ear "just don't forget who's got the tape" and walk back in and sit down, saying loudly enough for EVERYONE in class to hear "thank you mrs sarah, it WAS easier to understand the parts of the breast when i saw it in person" snickering at you
urgrl22f: I clear my throat and hold my arms up over my head in the roars of laughter.
urgrl22f: Ok, ok, everyone. That's enough!
urgrl22f: Do you have it all copied down?
Mr.H maybe they all need the same help i did maam
Mr.H laughing as some of the guys pat me on the back
urgrl22f: I roll my eyes and walk back to your desk, this time placing a food on your lap and leaning on it.
urgrl22f: I smile at you
urgrl22f: Are you sure you could handle that?
Mr.H grimacing a bit i sneer up at you, mouthing the word "tape" to you
urgrl22f: I slowly take the pressure off your lap and bring my foot back to the ground, clearing my throat.
urgrl22f: I look around and realize that there's no way the class is going to continue at this rate. I walk back to my desk and sit on it with my legs carefully crossed.
urgrl22f: Alright, everyone. I can see that this is going to be hopeless, so class is dismissed right now. Don't forget the test next week.
urgrl22f: Derek, you stay here. Everyone else can leave.
Mr.H standing up smiling, you wanna give me a little bit of extra help mrs sarah? laughing to everyone
urgrl22f: I don't respond, waiting for the students to get up and leave.
Mr.H as they all clear out i sit on my desk, just staring at you
urgrl22f: I wait for the last one to leave, then I stand up off the desk and walk over, closing the door (and making sure it's latched)
urgrl22f: I walk back and sit on my desk, this time my legs remaining uncrossed, though closed.
urgrl22f: I look at you.
urgrl22f: Well? The ball's in your court, Derek.
Mr.H you want that tape? you gotta earn it, smiling
urgrl22f: What do you think it's worth to me? I ask
urgrl22f: I reach up and open the top button on my pink blouse.
Mr.H hmmmm well let's see, hubby could see it and divorce you, i hear he's got some money too, probalby won't get any if he can prove you cheated
Mr.H and good luck finding a job after it goes on the news that you were having sex in your classroom
urgrl22f: That may be, though it's certainly not as frowned upon as sex with a student.
urgrl22f: I unbutton the second button on the blouse, this one revealing my bra where the first one only revealed some cleavage.
Mr.H true, smiling, but think what would be the repurcussions if i were to claim that we DID have sex, everyone heard you ask me to stay after, and combined with the videotape;)
urgrl22f: I'm an innocent, beginning teacher with superb recommendations from every student teaching exercise I had. Every teacher was a guy, interestingly. I made a simple social mistake, there's no proof.
urgrl22f: Besides, you love sports. What would happen to your dear coach and Phys Ed teacher if it got out about him as well? Surely you recognized him.
urgrl22f: I stand up and walk up to you.
urgrl22f: I put my hands on your desk and lean forward again.
urgrl22f: What I'm trying to say, Derek, is that it's best if it ends here. You got me once...
urgrl22f: I throw up my hands in mock surrender
urgrl22f: You win once.
urgrl22f: I unbutton the third button on my blouse, my breasts now starting to spill out in the bra
urgrl22f: But the game ends today. Ok?
urgrl22f: We both have a lot to lose with this.
Mr.H oh i win once? smirking, i think i can win as many times and as many days as i want to, smirking
Mr.H reaching down slowly i unzip my pants, not yet pulling out tha tmonster
urgrl22f: You're too young to know how to think. Or rather, too young to know how to think with this-
urgrl22f: I tap your head
urgrl22f: because you're too busy thinking with this-
urgrl22f: I reach down and pat your cock as you slowly reveal it.
Mr.H and you don't like it when i think with this? grabbing your wrist and pushign your hand inside onto my long, thick cock
urgrl22f: I grab your cock and squeeze it with my hand
urgrl22f: I just recommend that you never piss off the person you want to fuck, is all.
urgrl22f: I smile sweetly
urgrl22f: Because I can make it good or not-so-good. Which would you rather have?
Mr.H oh you don't eh? i've heard that sometimes the best fuck is an angry fuck, snickering
urgrl22f: I laugh out loud, my chest shaking
urgrl22f: You heard that from virgins.
urgrl22f: I wipe a tear from my eye with the hand that was holding your cock, then lick that finger.
urgrl22f: I saunter back to my desk and sit on it, my legs now spread open a bit, my skirt too short to hide anything.
urgrl22f: So. Here I am. What are you going to do about it?
Mr.H hmmmmmm smiling as i reach down and slowly pull out the entire length of that monster, letting it hand between my legs, so you'd suggest i was nicer to you? or meaner? licking my lips
urgrl22f: You can have whatever fun you like if you bring me the tape tomorrow.
urgrl22f: I snap my legs shut.
urgrl22f: Otherwise, if you go public, I say you raped me.
urgrl22f: I walk back to you.
urgrl22f: Deal?
Mr.H i reach up, grabbing the back of your neck and pulling your ear to my mouth, you fuck me like a wild, nasty, filthy animal and you'll get the tape, smiling...and if you're lucky i won't even sell copies on the internet later;)
urgrl22f: I grab your head with both my hands and lick your ear. I can be wild, but only if I have the tape. If it's ever on the 'net, I go public with claims that I was raped. If you have the tape with you...
urgrl22f: I lightly bite your ear and stand up, walking over to the door.
urgrl22f: I lock it meaningfully, then turn around to face you.
urgrl22f: ... we can get started right now.
urgrl22f: I lean against the wall
Mr.H i grab my backpack, reaching in and tossing the tape on the floor at your feet, i figured it wouldn't hurt to give it to you since i do have it in electronic form, which won't need to see the light of day if you're good
urgrl22f: I walk to the tape placing one foot in front of the other, walking a line and swaying. I bend over at the hips, my ass facing you, and pick it up.
urgrl22f: I then walk to the tv/vcr in the room and turn it on, turning the volume way down, to be barely audible.
urgrl22f: I put the tape in and it plays automatically
urgrl22f: I see myself being fucked and I turn around. This time my smile has a lot more sex and a lot less sweet.
urgrl22f: I go to the door and turn the lights down, then I return to my desk and sit in the same place I'm sitting on the tape
urgrl22f: I spread my legs wide and finish unbuttoning my blouse.
urgrl22f: What would you like to see, Derek? Or do you prefer to touch first?
urgrl22f: I start rubbing my hand on the inside of my thigh
Mr.H as i'm sitting on the desk i slowly remove my tight white t-shirt, revealing my young muscular chest
Mr.H smilng, i woulnd't mind seeing what you had up there in the diagram on the board
urgrl22f: I run my tongue slowly over my lips as I look at your chest. I grin lopsidedly and nod stretching to show my breasts off in their bra at first.
urgrl22f: I then reach behind my back and unclasp my bra
urgrl22f: I slowly shrug it off my left shoulder
Mr.H my eyes get wide in anticipation
urgrl22f: Then my right
Mr.H reaching down i slowly press my big bulge with the palm of my hand
urgrl22f: I lift my right shoulder and slowly pull my arm out, showing off for you
urgrl22f: Then, as I pull my left arm out and let the bra fall, I cup the base of my right breast in my right hand and heft it, squeezing it for you
urgrl22f: You wanted to see these?
Mr.H licking my lips as i nod slowly, eyes fixed on those big, firm tits
urgrl22f: I hold my left breast in my left hand and heft it as well, fondling them for you
Mr.H i motion you over with a finger, why don't you come show them to me?
urgrl22f: I brush my hand against my breast and I stand and notice that my nipples are hard.
urgrl22f: I walk forward, standing in front of you and leaning forward once again, this time holding my breasts in my hands for you
Mr.H i move my head down slowly, licking slowly around your nippes on each breast
urgrl22f: Are they beautiful, Derek?
Mr.H mmmmm amazing, smiling
urgrl22f: I lick my lips slowly again, breathing deeply, my chest heaving
Mr.H slowly flicking my tongue over one nipple, then the other before i begin suckling your left tit with my lips
urgrl22f: Mmmm... Feels like you're hungry...
urgrl22f: I bring my hand from below my left breast to behind your head, holding you on my breast
Mr.H as i feel your hand on my head i begin sucking harder, even using my teeth a bit to bite and suck on as much of your left breast as i can fit into my mouth
urgrl22f: Oh! Now that feels amazing...
urgrl22f: My hand roams down your neck to your back where it starts to rub your hard, young body
Mr.H biting harder, letting my teeth drag against the soft flesh of your breast, down to your firm nipple and letting my teeth drag off before opening my mouth wide again and devouring that tit again
urgrl22f: That's right... Enjoy it... It's all yours, Derek.
urgrl22f: Right now, I'm all yours.
urgrl22f: I press my other breast to the side, against the side of your face
Mr.H feeling it against my face i move quickly, devouring your right breast, ripping into it with my teeth as i suck madly at it
urgrl22f: I love the feeling of your hot, wet tongue playing with my nipple, your entire mouth obsessed with my breast
Mr.H i reach up with my hands, holding your tits together firmly as i move from one breast to the other, biting wildly, my teeth digging in, nearly drawing blood as i hold them firmly on your tit before slowly dragging them off
urgrl22f: I feel the marks that your teeth must be leaving, and begin to feel quiet moans welling up within me.
urgrl22f: My hand slowly clenches into a claw that begins scratching your back as you bite down
Mr.H as i feast on those luscious mounds my cock grows and grows, getting enormous as it begins to stick straight out, the feeling in my cock only making me bite harder and rougher, devouring one breast, then the other, madly like an animal ripping into it's kill
urgrl22f: (Whoa, shit! Roommate! She shouldn't be here long, but I'll brb! Eeek!)
Mr.H (k)
urgrl22f: (Oh, my. That was rather awkward. Good thing I had a bathrobe handy. She stopped in with a couple friends to pick up some Zima for a party they just found out about.)
urgrl22f: (I was, ummm, getting ready for a shower.)
Mr.H (hehe, sounds close)
urgrl22f: (Heh. Yep. They already seemed a li'l buzzed. I hope they didn't forget anything.)
Mr.H (hope not, they need to stay out)
urgrl22f: I pull away a little, making you work for my breast, knowing that you love it
urgrl22f: My other hand goes around behind your back, grabbing and clawing you, pulling you closer to my chest
Mr.H i move my hands to your hips, pulling you against that growing cock, grinding against you to feel some friction on it as i dig my teeth into one of your tits HARD, a bit of punishment for your teasing
urgrl22f: OOooohh!
urgrl22f: I press my hips forward against your cock, feeling its hot length press against me
Mr.H snarling just a bit, becoming more animalistic as i attack those big, firm juggs with my teeth
urgrl22f: I firmly grab your head on each side with a clawed hand and tilt it up off my tits, then I dive my own head down, closing my lips over yours, opening my mouth and trying to suck your tongue into it
urgrl22f: I embrace you and lift you up out of your desk, walking backwards to my desk which I sit down on, my legs spread with you standing between them.
Mr.H kissing you hard and passionately, moving my hands down your body as i slowly spread your legs wide to the side
urgrl22f: I feel my skirt pulling up my thighs as you spread my legs, the light from the video flickering in the darkened room, me being fucked like an animal on the same spot again.
urgrl22f: My right hand dives down your back under your jeans and grabs your strong, angular ass cheek, squeezing it with my fingernails as my other hand seeks down your chest, scratching down it hungrily
Mr.H i back up a bit, i think you should show me what you wore for me today mrs sarah, smirking
urgrl22f: I feel you pull away and, when I hear what you say, I look at you. Sure, I'll show you...
urgrl22f: I stand in between you and the desk and grab my bra hanging from the chair. The black lace is torn and worn, the bra has obviously seen action before. There is no real padding and, in good light, the bra is practically see-through.
urgrl22f: I throw you the bra
urgrl22f: How's that for starters?
Mr.H not bad, smiling, but that i've seen already
urgrl22f: I nod, smiling
urgrl22f: That bra and this blouse...
urgrl22f: I pick up the blouse from the floor
urgrl22f: ... went together years ago.
urgrl22f: They're what I wore the first time I fucked the man I married.
urgrl22f: I wore them for you.
Mr.H oh yeah? and how was he the first time you fucked him?
urgrl22f: I tenderly trace a finger over the marks on my right breast.
urgrl22f: Nothing like this.
urgrl22f: I wink
Mr.H licking my lips, and you liked it with him?
urgrl22f: I married him, didn't I?
urgrl22f: I wink at you.
Mr.H so what else did you wear for me? eyeing your legs
urgrl22f: I slowly unzip the side of my black skirt until it falls open, I catch it in my other hand and toss it to you.
urgrl22f: This skirt is from our honeymoon. Nothing really special, really, except for the fact that I've never worn it for an entire day without getting fucked.
Mr.H i look at it just briefly before moving my gaze to your underwear, staring wide-eyed
urgrl22f: I kick off my high heels under the desk and roll off the garter.
Mr.H very nice, smiling, you made an excellent decision with that
urgrl22f: I thought so. This was my wedding garter. The man who caught it at the wedding was the first man I fucked after I was married. He beat my husband to it, and he gave this back to me as a token.
urgrl22f: And these...
Mr.H mmmmmm so he's the one who broke you in eh? sneering
urgrl22f: If you think I was a virgin when I got married, you're younger than I thought.
urgrl22f: I flare my nostrils and squeeze my breasts, then I slowly scratch my fingers down to the crotchless thong.
urgrl22f: You know, this wasn't easy to find. It's not easy to make a good, narrow thong that properly does this.
urgrl22f: I finger my swollen pussy lips for you as I talk
urgrl22f: I bought this for our next anniversary. I guess it's getting used before that though.
Mr.H guess so, don't worry, it looks great, hubby will love it
urgrl22f: What do you think, Derek?
Mr.H looks very sexy on you, what about the stockings?
urgrl22f: I stand up and walk up to you.
urgrl22f: I stand very close, pressing my breasts into you as I stand on my tiptoes to whisper into your ears
urgrl22f: Sometimes, a secret it what makes a woman a woman.
urgrl22f: I nibble your ear lobe
Mr.H oh yeah? i thought THIS made a woman a woman, reaching down as i let one of my thick fingers slide over your slit
urgrl22f: Mmmm... Do you have something bigger you'd like to do that with?
urgrl22f: I lick your face, your chin, smelling your strong, masculine scent
urgrl22f: I scratch my teeth along your chin
urgrl22f: my hands slowly creep toward your crotch
Mr.H i might be convinced if you told me about these, moving my fingers to your thigh high stockings
urgrl22f: Are you sure you want to know?
urgrl22f: I grab the base of your cock with one hand and start rubbing up and down, slowly
urgrl22f: I'm licking around, kissing your face on one side, then the other.
urgrl22f: I nibble one of your lips, waiting for your answer.
Mr.H i grab your face and kiss you firmly on the mouth, then pull back slowly, i wanna know, i whisper
urgrl22f: I pull back from the kiss and smile up at you, grinning mischeviously
urgrl22f: They're a gift from the last student I did this with.
urgrl22f: I jump onto you, almost tackling you, my entire body writhing with desire for you, a sexually charged animal
Mr.H i reach down, fingering you harder and faster, slipping 2 fingers in your slit as one slides back to your asshole
urgrl22f: I start pumping my hips back and forth, up and down in a circular motion, feeling your finger in my ass and two in my slit.
Mr.H using my other hand i move my massive cockhead down, letting you feel it right above your slit near my fingers
urgrl22f: I feel your shaft pressing *hard* into my tight belly, squeezed between us
urgrl22f: I slip my body up on yours, lifting myself on you, to help you place your cock where I want it.
Mr.H smiling as i remove my fingers from your cunt, you know i'm not wearing anything right mrs sarah? smirking
Mr.H moving the huge slick head of my cock to your opening
urgrl22f: I look at you, passion in my eyes
urgrl22f: Do you think I'd let you inside me if you were?
Mr.H smiling, are you on any protection? smiling
urgrl22f: I press my hips down over your cock, trying to swallow it inside me.
urgrl22f: I smirk back at you
urgrl22f: I like surprises, don't you?
Mr.H nodding slowly i lift my own hips, pushing the huge head up into you
urgrl22f: I sigh deeply with pleasure as you finally penetrate me for the first time, your massive shaft slowly filling my up, my own juices mixing with your sweat inside my body.
Mr.H gritting my teeth as i push deeper, feeling my cock stretching you as the huge head hits your cervix
urgrl22f: My mouth opens in a silent scream of pleasure at the depth you reach, filling me up
Mr.H i take your hand, putting it down near your cunt, letting you feel just how much of that enormous cock is still outside your body
urgrl22f: I suddenly gasp for breath, having forgotten to breathe as you pressed into me.
urgrl22f: I wrap my hand around your remaining length, breathing deeply, trying to catch me breath as I gasp in amazement at your length
urgrl22f: So big....
urgrl22f: I whisper to myself
Mr.H tell me, i whisper, what's the biggest you've ever had in you, pressing up a bit, pressing firmly against your cervix
urgrl22f: My breath catches in my throat again
urgrl22f: Noth- nothing this big... Never even a dildo this big!
Mr.H pressing continuously against that tight entrance to your womb
urgrl22f: I feel my cunt muscles clenching around your shaft, relaxing and tensing, trying to adjust for the size of it.
Mr.H biting my bottom lip hard
urgrl22f: Derek... You can... You can cum... ...inside me. Please....
urgrl22f: Oh, fuck- cum inside me!
Mr.H deeper? i pant
Mr.H i wanna go where you've never had a guy go
urgrl22f: My eyes open wide.
urgrl22f: You've already gone deeper than any man... You think you could- could- deeper?!
urgrl22f: My breathing starts to get short as I start to move my body around you
Mr.H it'll HURT, i sneer as i start pumping slowly, then a bit faster, getting some rhythm built up
urgrl22f: beginning to pump with you, stimulating more lubrication.
Mr.H deeper? i gasp
Mr.H are you on any protection? grunting
urgrl22f: I- I- Ahhhhhn!! I use thee- eeeeHHHHHAAHH! hah- hah- Ohhh, yeahhh! the morning after- after pilllllllllnnngggghhh!
urgrl22f: I'm barely able to talk as the sensations pour through my body
Mr.H i start pumping harder, rougher as i rip at your back with my hands, so right now that womb is fertile and unprotected?
urgrl22f: Oh- oh gaaaawwd, fuck me! Yes, it is- oh, fuck yeah!
Mr.H i pull nearly all the way out, holding your hips tightly as i slam up and in ALL the way
urgrl22f: AAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!
Mr.H you like that, bucking into you, fucking your cunt
urgrl22f: I'm barely concious at this point, my ecstatic screams echo in the room.
urgrl22f: My entire world is focused between my legs and inside my body, white hot pleasure courses through me
Mr.H i start bouncing you faster and faster on me, hips bucking wildly as my cock swells as i grab your hair and jerk it back hard
urgrl22f: I arch my back as you jerk my head back
urgrl22f: My cunt feels your cock swell inside my and relaxes for a moment just before it squeezes with all its might, trying to get the cum into my body
Mr.H grunting loudly as my cock gushes, exploding with cum as it hits your walls and flies forward into your womb
urgrl22f: I feel a warmth inside me that I've never felt before
urgrl22f: I grab onto you and squeeze with all my strength as your cum splashes into me
Mr.H moaning as i pump my hips a few times, emptying every drop of cum inside your fertile lil womb
urgrl22f: My own cum spilling out around your cock, dripping down its length to your sac
Mr.H my head falling back as i pant heavily, slowly, almost painfully withdrawing back through your tight pussy and out of you
urgrl22f: I slowly begin to regain conciousness of my surroundings
Mr.H my sweaty chest heaving as i try to catch my breath
urgrl22f: I look around and feel as though my screams still echo in my ears
urgrl22f: I look over my shoulder toward the door and a chill passes over my body as I realize it's ajar. Standing there, looking in, is the principal.
Mr.H too tired to even move or care i just lie there underneath you
Mr.H body dripping in sweat
urgrl22f: He lifts a finger to his lips in a "ssshhhh!" motion, then quietly closes the door
urgrl22f: I smile and start laughing, though it hurts to do so right now.
urgrl22f: I roll off of you and lie on my back next to you. I notice that the tape in the VCR has run out and all that's showing now is snow.
urgrl22f: I guess at this point you should be happy that the principal is the first person in this school that I fucked, Derek.
Mr.H rolling my head over to your ear, guess i just won ONCE right?
urgrl22f: I cock an eyebrow and smile.
Mr.H and i'm sure i won't be the last, smiling
urgrl22f: Like I said, I like surprises.
Mr.H (thanks babe, i came sooooooo hard, hope you enjoyed it as well, however i think now it's time for bed, wore myself out there;) )
urgrl22f: (lol, me too. I need to be up in 5 hours. Sleep tight, hang loose big guy. ;) )
Mr.H (have a good night, maybe i'll talk to you again sometime;) bye)
urgrl22f: 'nite. :x