urgrl22f Well, y'know, it's been an hour or so. Let me take care of a few things here while you come up with a scene... It's warm here, today, I'm not wearing anything but my underclothes... and I'd love for a good excuse to take them off in the heat of the moment. :x
Mr.T  no,,i've played enough.when i see someone good..my attention quite quickly goes to them,,,
Mr.T  me too..god..on the spot know
urgrl22f Take your time, relax and have fun. I'll be afk for a couple minutes. :)
Mr.T  k..
Mr.T  not sure if i can relax..fun yes..
urgrl22f heeheehee!
Mr.T  ;)
urgrl22f Any quick questions before I go take care of a few things? (Don't worry, I'll be back!)
Mr.T  k,,go attend to your tasks
Mr.T  none really,,,warm..where?
Mr.T  only question
urgrl22f Ohio
Mr.T  k.
Mr.T  see ya soon dear
urgrl22f Wheee! I'm back! Hopefully I didn't forget anything. ;)
Mr.T  let's hope not..welcome back Sarah..
Mr.T  would hate for you to remember something you forgot.....
urgrl22f heehee!
Mr.T  oh..and my name's Kip..
Mr.T  i feel like we should shake hands...lol
urgrl22f And, as you know, I'm Sarah.
Mr.T  nods,,that Iknow
urgrl22f *puts out her hand* Put 'im there! ;)
Mr.T  grins..gives you one of those funky inner-city handshakes,,fingers twined
Mr.T  well,, i tried to think..( thank god for coffee)...and am not well-versed at scening....
urgrl22f No worries, no panic.
Mr.T  your my girlfriend's friend,,i come over looking for her..
urgrl22f Just think of a fantasy and use it. :)
Mr.T  *knocking at the door*
urgrl22f One minute!
Mr.T  *mpooing my brow in the Ohio heat*
Mr.T  *mopping
urgrl22f I quickly close the erotic fiction I'd been reading in my bedroom and toss my bathrobe over my shoulders, momentarily grateful that I hadn't gotten far enough to actually take off my underclothes yet.
Mr.T  *chuckles at the momentarily line*...*knocks again*..
Mr.T  Amy,,open up..it's boiling out here....
urgrl22f I only do such things when my roommate, your girlfriend, is out of town. She strikes me as the sort of woman who can take such actions in the wrong light and out of context, so I avoid self pleasure out of respect for her.
urgrl22f I hear your voice, and know it's you. "Ah! Is that you, Kip? I'll be out in a second!"
Mr.T  *rings the bell*..starting to sweat
Mr.T  ah,,hi Sarah..
Mr.T  take your time..it's only 93 degrees out here...
urgrl22f I close the fiction and drop it on the floor, kicking it under my bed. I walk out of my room as I tie the bathrobe closed around me, neglecting to close my bedroom door. I walk down the hallway to the front door and, holding the top half of the bathrobe closed, I open the door and step aside for you.
Mr.T  oh..sorry to disturb you..is amy home?..
urgrl22f It's not much cooler in here, but come on in. I'm afraid Amy's not home right now.
Mr.T  thanks..it's a scorcher
Mr.T  oh..did i wake you up....
urgrl22f "Oh! Umm," I gesture to the kitchen, "You want some ice water or something? I was just about to take my shower."
Mr.T  mm..some oj if you have it..with ice?
Mr.T  it is boiling out...
urgrl22f "Sounds good." I smile and turn around to walk into the small kitchen. My bathrobe is a thin, lavender one. It looks silky, though it's significantly less expensive.
Mr.T  i can came back later if you want..her room's usually locked,,and you seem a bit flushed..
Mr.T  my eyes discreetly folow you
urgrl22f I blush when I hear you say that, grateful that my face is hidden in the refrigerator.
Mr.T  stil standing in the cluttered living room...
urgrl22f No, no, that's ok. You can wait for her if you'd like.
Mr.T  really,,that would be great,,,,maybe just longue about..
urgrl22f I pull out the orange juice and set it on the counter, then walk over to the cupboard for a glass.
urgrl22f So, did you two have any plans for tonight?
Mr.T  i'm not sure....we hadn't discussed it....
urgrl22f "Sure, have a seat on the couch. I guess that's what you're here for, then, is to figure out what's going on?"
Mr.T  *my eyes still fixed on your thin robe..clinging to your form..
urgrl22f I take a tall glass down from the cupboard and set it on the counter next to the OJ.
Mr.T  no..i was just in the area..so thought i'd pop in,,it's warm..and your place is always nicely chilled
Mr.T  thanks..taking the oj..pouring myseld a tall glass..extra ice
urgrl22f I blush a little, realizing that it doesn't feel chilly at all to me, right now. On the contrary, I'm really quite warm.
urgrl22f "Ah! Yes, you wanted ice!"
Mr.T  glances at your nipples..a bit hard..well,,you look a tad cold
Mr.T  yes,,ice please..if it's not too much trouble
urgrl22f I open the freezer on top of the fridge and pull out an ice tray. It slips in my hand as I'm closing the door and it falls to my chest. I quickly grab myself and the tray, one hand on each, as I blush more. "Gad, I'm clumsy this morning!"
urgrl22f I hand the tray to you, now aware of my own hard nipples and hoping that you haven't noticed them.
Mr.T  oh..dear..bending..picking to pick up a stray cube....
Mr.T  oh,,now you look colder,,i chuckle lightly,,my eyes moving from yours
urgrl22f "You have that one? Oh, geez..." It's now clear to me that you're well aware of my nipples poking through my bra.
Mr.T  trying to hide my glance..your nipples now clinging to the thin robe..
Mr.T  smiling..tossing the stray cube into the sink..
urgrl22f I cross my arms in front of my chest, not sure how to react. "Well, umm, I should go and, uh, finish my shower."
Mr.T  don't let me stop you....*seeing the tv in the living room still broken*,,,umm..would it be ok if i sit in your room and watch tv while i wait for amy...
urgrl22f I gesture towards the kitchen door, realizing too late that doing so uncovered my nipples, and I quickly walk out, embarassed and blushing.
urgrl22f "Sure, whatever!" I wave my hand dismissively, just wanting to get out of an embarassing situation.
Mr.T  catching a glimpse of the pink edges of your nipple..trying to act non-chalant like
Mr.T  thanks..that's nice of you,,just forget that I'm here.....
urgrl22f I chuckle to myself, "I'm already trying!"
Mr.T  laughs....
urgrl22f I open the bathroom door and step in, closing it behind me.
Mr.T  i go to your room...sitting on the edge of the bed,,,finding the remote on the floor.....
Mr.T  turning the tv to cartoons...then glancing down again...
Mr.T  hmm...must be one of her romance novels..Amy said she's an avid reader...
urgrl22f I've known since I've lived here that the bathroom door latch is poor, but in my current distracted state, I neglect to ensure that it's latched. I strip off my bathrobe and let it fall to the floor, quickly followed by my bra and french-cut panties.
Mr.T  flipping through the pages...my eyes widen...
urgrl22f I look at myself in the mirror, thinking to myself, trying to imagine what I may have gotten myself into.
urgrl22f My hand absently travels between my legs, my arousal still strong with anticipation of reading that erotic fiction.
urgrl22f I gasp to myself, realizing that you must be sitting right above it even as I think the thought.
Mr.T  hearing a creak,,i glance up from the book,,noticing that the door has swung slightly ajar..seeing her in the mirror,,,,her legs slightly spread..
urgrl22f I shake my head, rub my hands over my body briefly one last time, then step into the shower and close the curtain.
urgrl22f I turn the shower on hot, feeling the steam rise off my already hot body.
Mr.T  turning my attention back the book,,hmm..aqua erotica...an interesting reading choice......
Mr.T  the sound of the shower backgound noise....smiling..thumbing through the stories
Mr.T  her form barely vivible through the plastic shower curtain,,,,
Mr.T  *visible
Mr.T  seeing that the book is in fact waterproof..i chuckle,,,
urgrl22f I face the shower head, my head facing into it and my eyes closed. Again, my hands travel of their own free will, one between my legs and the other to my breasts. The heat of the shower pours over me as I begin to finger myself. My breathing grows heavier in the steamy shower cabinet, held in by the curtain before flying out the ajar door.
Mr.T  my ears pick up the sound of muffled moans,,rising above the water noise...
urgrl22f I let my left middle finger slide slowly inside me while I pinch my hard, right nipple. My imagination calls you, unbidden, to my mind, imagining you there, behind me.
Mr.T  her outline visible...i glance over...her hands to herself........
Mr.T  slowly getting up,,,i quietly enter the steamy bathroom......
urgrl22f I'm unaware of the soft moans escaping my throat. I mouth your name to myself, then I slide my left index finger in as well. The water washes my body in heat, the steam feels as though it's cleansing my lungs.
Mr.T  building up my nerve,,,unable to stop myself....i open the curtain,,,,,,book in hand..."intersting reading Sarah.."
Mr.T  my eyes now not avoiding you,,,,,,,,
urgrl22f I pull my fingers out of myself and bring them up to my mouth where I lick them. Only the faintest hint of myself remains on my digits, most of it washed away in the water.
Mr.T  mm..tasty dear?..
urgrl22f I think I hear your voice, but I'm sure it's simply my imagination. You're so vivid, I feel as though you were standing next to me and talking to me.
Mr.T  smiling...subconsciuosly licking my lips..
Mr.T  smiling..no..I'm quite real..
Mr.T  my eyes fixed on your now...
urgrl22f I bring both of my hands to my breasts and heft them when I here you speak again, protesting your reality. I freeze, then open my eyes and slowly turn to face you, looking at my around the edge of the curtain.
Mr.T  don't let me interrupt,,,,,,,,
Mr.T  like i said earlier..try to forget I'm here,,,,,,,
Mr.T  for now..
urgrl22f I gasp with surprise, then fall back against the back of the shower. I'm speechless, my entire body on display for you. It's very obvious that I've just recently trimmed my bush down to a slim bikini diamond. The rest of my skin is smooth and wet in the shower.
Mr.T  lowering my eyes again..taking in your soapy form..
urgrl22f "K- Kip! What-" I'm unable to complete the sentence, but I'm slowly beginning to recover from the shock and recognize the position I'm in.
Mr.T  gingerly walking into the shower..still in my shorts and t -shirt,,,
urgrl22f I follow your eyes as they devour my body, not moving as you step into the shower with me.
Mr.T  I move to you,,your back on the hard tiles...my eyes meeting yours.......
urgrl22f I lose myself in your eyes, hanging on your every word, every movement, your simple existence.
Mr.T  i bend slightly,,taking your hard nipple into my lips..then looking up to gauge your expression..
Mr.T  your skin soapy....moist and smooth..letting my tongue caress the underside of your breast
urgrl22f I lick my lips despite myself as your lips close around my nipple. I briefly imagine you doing this to Amy in the same position and understand why she prefers it so much over my self-pleasure. I slowly lean my head back, my long black hair wet against the tiles, and close my eyes with pleasure.
Mr.T  pressing you gently against the tiles,,,then flicking my tongue over your nipples,,quick flutters,,,,,the warm water pouring over us
urgrl22f "Kip... How- how did you know? How did you know that I wanted this?"
Mr.T  i didn't...but I've wanted you for months.......
urgrl22f I slide my feet apart in the shower, my eyes closed, as I revel in your attention.
Mr.T  when i see you in the mornings..that thin robe barely covering you....
Mr.T  god I've wanted this,,,my hand moving to your inner thighs..my fingertips tracing you....
Mr.T  bending up,, I kiss you passionately......
Mr.T  god Sarah..I've wanted this
urgrl22f I smile to myself, "I bought that robe for just that, Kip. I just, I've never entertained the idea that it'd work, that you'd really want me like this. Amy's so pretty, so strong, I thought that I must be plain and boring next to her..." I feel your fingers sliding up my thigh as you kiss me. I respond to your kiss, hungry for you. "Did you find the book? Is that how you knew this is where I love to... you know... the most?"
Mr.T  my hands tracing your trimmed bush..your diamond soft to my touch,,,,,,
Mr.T  I nod...not wanting to talk and break the kiss.....
Mr.T  you..boring..plain..never,,,,,,,
Mr.T  you radiate a sexual energy,,and a great wit....
urgrl22f I finally bring my arms up around your neck and embrace you, pulling your body to mine, your mouth into another kiss, inviting your tongue into my mouth.
Mr.T  my fingertips gliding over your folds....
Mr.T  my tongue meets yours...a small tussle of tongues
Mr.T  pressing closer..my want for you now obvious through my soaking shorts,,,,,
urgrl22f I lift my left leg and rest it on the ridge of the bathtub that we're standing on. I feel my pussy open, ready and inviting your fingers. I let my hands slide down the front of your body, over your wet shirt to your shorts.
Mr.T  my fingers teasing you,,beginning to roll your petals between them
Mr.T  slowly pulling your lips..my thumbb gently pressed to your clit......our kiss intensifies
urgrl22f "It's no fair that I'm nude and you're not. Maybe we should even the score a little bit." I unfasten your shorts and slide them down, letting them fall to the floor of the shower. I pull the elastic band of your boxers down over your massive bulge and let them fall as well.
Mr.T  feeling your hands on me..i let out a slight moan.....
Mr.T  my cock almost leaps to your hand..pulling my shirt off..tossing it onto the bathroom floor
Mr.T  twining two fingers..slowly easing them into you,,your walls slick,,the water cascading over us...
urgrl22f "That's better..." I start to finger your cock, experimenting, looking for your sensitive areas. I feel your shaft jerk when I brush my fingernail along your cockhead. "How does this feel?" I ask as I start rubbing your shaft in the heat of the shower.
Mr.T  slowly beginning to work you,,,mmm..god it feels so good..never thought his would happen,,so wanted it too.....
urgrl22f I can almost stroke your cock with my thumb and middle finger, but it's too big. "You're a massive man..." I whisper as I start to thumb your cockhead and slide my other hand to your sac.
Mr.T  presing closer..your breasts against me..rocking slightly on the balls of my feet..pushing myself to your hand
Mr.T  two fingers in you..flicking them,,,nipping playfully at your lips
Mr.T  your fingers driving me wild,,,,so incredibly hard,,,,,not believing this is happening
urgrl22f I smile and lean into you as well, my hard nipples feel like small pebbles pressing into my breasts. I moan with pleasure as your fingers briefly brush my g-spot, then start kissing you hard on the neck, sucking you as I stroke your shaft.
Mr.T  curling my fingers in you..struggling to reach that magic spot...water cascading down my arm
Mr.T  pulling closer,the tip of my cock brushing against your folds,,,,our hands working at each other
urgrl22f "Oooh, Kip.... I've wanted you, I've wanted this, for so long...." I lift your cock and slap it against my belly as I feel you seeking out my spot. I lean back a little, giving your fingers a better angle, "Up just a little, now, down, right... righhtt.... oohhh, god, that's it! Ohhh, fuck yes!" I squeeze you when you brush my spot, pulling you as you caress me, completely under your control.
Mr.T  bending my neck up...exposing myself to your mouth,,my eyes closed,,the water streaming
Mr.T  staying where you have me....the spot known now..no longer a mystery,,working you faster....
urgrl22f I bring your cock back down to caress my folds currently opened by your fingers. I move in on your neck, instinctively kissing you, sucking you, tasting you, infused with your strength, your presence, your powerful maleness.
Mr.T  mmm..god yes.........the side of my cock against your slit....your walls slick,,,wrapping my free arm around you
Mr.T  pulling you closer..god...i need to be in you........
urgrl22f "Oh.. Oh- ohh-aaaaahhhh! Oh, Kip, slow down, I - Aahhhhhhnnnnggg! I want to cum with you inside me, Kip!" I try to pull your cock into my folds as my pussy muscles simultaneously squeeze your fingers, trying to make room for your massive shaft.
Mr.T  my eyes open again..looking into yours,,,,,my desire/want obvious
Mr.T  withdrawing my fingers,,,,i drop my hand to your ass..slowly pushing you onto my shaft.....
Mr.T  my length slowly filling you,,,i moan,,,god yes
urgrl22f I see your eyes, imagining that my own must be filled with a similar lust, and nod with my mouth open, my tongue moving as though it wanted another tongue to play with. As I feel your shaft impale me, your massive length pressing into my body, I bring my hands to your neck and pull you down for a deep kiss, sliding my own tongue into your mouth.
Mr.T  my mouth open,,drawing your tongue in,,,pressing you to the wall,,,my hips slowly begin to buck,,,,,our kiss intensefies.....
Mr.T  one hand balancing on the shower wall,,,,establishing a slow rhythm within you...deeper still
urgrl22f I feel my tight ass slapping against the tiles behind me as you begin bucking into me, feeling the deep, hot penetration of your shaft inside me. My hair falls over the front of my shoulders and encases our heads as we kiss. I moan with ecstasy, "Yesss, oh Kip, yesss...."
Mr.T  your walls grabbing at me..pulling me into you....i let out another low moan....my speed increases..our bodies slapping together,,the sound of us filling the bathroom.....
Mr.T  mm.god....take me,,,,fuck me,,,,
Mr.T  rocking now...my precum coating you,,mixing with your nectar
urgrl22f My pussy muscles pump your shaft even as you pump me, squeezing it, the youthful vigor of my sex desperate for your hot explosion of ecstasy.
Mr.T  mmm..god yes.........my speed increasing.....your muscles gripping me,,implaing you,,your ass slapping against the wall
Mr.T  needing your explosion too,wanting you to drench me as i drench you..god yes Sarah.....
urgrl22f "Ahh! Ahh! Ahhhhhnnnnngggggg, yes! Oh, god, fuck me deep, Kip! It's sooo deep! Yes! Yess, god, Yesss!"
Mr.T  pounding furiously,,,animalistic....mmm..god i want to fill you.....
Mr.T  cum with me.........
urgrl22f "Fill me, Kip, let me have your hot cum inside me, I want it so much! So hot!"
Mr.T  so close,,cum baby.............
urgrl22f I'm screaming out, my voice echoing off the tile walls, my entire back slamming against the wall, my ass red from it.
Mr.T  impaling you.your breats bouncing
Mr.T  mm.fuck.........so close..shaking
urgrl22f "Oh, oh yes, god, I'm so close, Kip! Fuck, yes, I'm cumming! Aaaaahhhhhhhhhnnggg!!!"
Mr.T  omg,,exploding in you,,,,,,,drenching you as you me
Mr.T  darting my tongue into you,,,mmm gid yes Sarah..soak me......
urgrl22f My entire body clenches, and I feel the orgasm travel through me, exploding in my pussy, sliding down my legs and up my stomach, over my breasts, my nipples pinpricks of pure ecstasy, through my throat, my breath cut off, my toes curl and I toss my head, screaming.
Mr.T  soak my cock,,,,,,,,,,,,,,riding you as you cum..thrusting furiously
urgrl22f Your hot seed pumping into me, filling me and mixing with my own cum, still screaming as your continued pumping extends my orgasm, each thrust sending another wave of ecstasy through every inch of my hot, wired body.
Mr.T  holding you tighter,,,,,,hard against the tile...your juices cascading down our thighs..mixing with the warm jets of water.....
Mr.T  shaking..trying to catch my breath,,,my orgasm making my head spin.......
Mr.T  still thrusting..your muscles milking the last of my cum,,,our tongues wrestling
urgrl22f I'm gasping for breath, my chest heaving, my eyes absently look down and I notice, through the pleasure, our mixed juices flowing down my thighs and into the drain. I lean forward into you, my entire body having broken a sweat in the shower, feeling your still-hard cock slamming into me again and again, milking it for every last drop with my hungry pussy.
Mr.T  my hands both on your back,,embacing you,,,,,
Mr.T  grabbing your ass,,pushing you to me still,,,,,my cock beginning to soften..only your slick walls keeping me in you'
urgrl22f I lift my arms back around your neck and clasp them behind, embracing you as you embrace me, my mouth locked to yours in the sharing of love and pleasure.
Mr.T  our kiss now softer..looking into your eyes..our faces flushed red
urgrl22f My pussy continues milking your cock, even as it softens, instinctively hungry, though feeling more sated by the moment as a warm, comfortable glow begins to flow through me.
Mr.T  mm god....having so wanted this..you,,,,,,,,,,,,
Mr.T  still dribbling a slight flow into you..our bodies one.......
urgrl22f I lick your cheek, "We wanted eachother, Kip. You're so hot..."
Mr.T  god,,,and you,,,,,,,,,
Mr.T  playfully kissing you..
Mr.T  licking your lips.....a peck,,then a deep kiss again
Mr.T  mm..you're sensational sarah
urgrl22f I smile as you peck my lips, then open my mouth for a deeper kiss, then break away. I lift a hand up to play with your hair, even as I continue watching your eyes, lost in you.
Mr.T  caressing you,,my hands run over you,,i reach..turning the water a bit colder..
urgrl22f I twirl a loop in your hair, smiling and pecking your lips, "You're amazing as well, Kip."
Mr.T  we'll need a shower after this shower..*giggles*
urgrl22f I giggle with you, "We'd just better hope Amy doesn't come home," I wink as the shower begins to cool us off.
Mr.T  my hands slowly moving over your body,,,nods..
Mr.T  actually..
Mr.T  can I tell you something?
urgrl22f I nod, smiling reassuringly, "Anything, Kip. You can tell me anything."
Mr.T  chuclkes,,,," I knew she was at her mom's today,,",,,,,,,
urgrl22f I giggle, and playfully slap your cheek, "You're just awful!"
Mr.T  I came to see you.....
Mr.T  nods.. I know
Mr.T  don't be mad...I just had to have you,,,,,
Mr.T  maybe it was the robe....but I doubt it
urgrl22f I peck you on the chin this time, still smiling, "I'm not mad. On the contrary, I don't think that I've ever been happier."
Mr.T  nor I.....smiling..pecking at your cheek
Mr.T  our kisses mischevious now
urgrl22f I bend down to pick up the book that had fallen to the floor of the shower, forgetten. "I can't forget my nightly reading material, can I?" I wink. "I'll just have to mark in your name with waterproof marker."
Mr.T  smiles..please do,,,

