Mr.C hi
Ms.K hi
urgrl21f   Ahh, our large, private hot tub.
urgrl21f I invited slinky, where is he?
Mr.C lol.. how old karen?
Ms.K slides over to urgirl
Mr.C invite him again
Ms.K 28
Mr.C sliding the wrong way karen
urgrl21f just did
urgrl21f	slides closer to karen
urgrl21f	beckons chet over
Mr.C grl.. why dont you go back out and get him...
urgrl21f ok, brb
urgrl21f err-you'll have to invite me back.
Ms.K chet can you handle both of us
Mr.C moves closer to karen
Mr.C karen, can you invite her back then?
Mr.C yup
Ms.K runs my hands over chets chest
Mr.C moves closer to karen
Mr.C moving my lips to hers
urgrl21f It's in friend->invite to chat room
Mr.C kissing her passionately
Ms.K don't know how to invite
...	
You are in "urgrl21f's private hottub:1"( This is a room )
urgrl21f he's not there any more.
urgrl21f Guess it's a threesome instead of a four.
Ms.K forcing tongue into your mouth
Mr.C hmm.. wanna go back out for another?
Mr.C putting my arms around you..
Mr.C kissing you deeply
urgrl21f	nibbles chet's earlobe
Ms.K our tongues meeting mmmm
urgrl21f Why? Don't think you can take two on your own?
Mr.C moves other arm around grl..
Mr.C turns head and kisses url hard .. with arms still around karen
Ms.K reaches for girls breast
urgrl21f	presses her chest up against chet's back as she kisses chet.
Ms.K pinching her nipples gently
Mr.C kissing her neck
Mr.C and biting it gently
Ms.K guiding his mouth to her breast
Mr.C then moving back to karen..
urgrl21f	rests her hands on chet's shoulders and starts stroking his body as she feels karen pinching her nipples.
Mr.C my hands massaging each ladies breast
Mr.C moving my head to karens breast
Mr.C putting my lips to her nipples
Mr.C and gently sucking them..
Mr.C sucking them a bit harder
urgrl21f	starts kissing and sucking on the back of chet's neck
Mr.C and biting them
Mr.C and letting them stretch in my mouth
Ms.K my 34b breast pushing into chets mouth
Ms.K my nipples getting hard
Mr.C stroking it
Mr.C my free hand moves to grls thigh.
Mr.C rubbing grls thigh harder
urgrl21f	positions her body so that she's sitting with one leg curled under her as the other foot rests on the pool's bottom.
Mr.C and massaging it..
Mr.C as my teeth gently tease karens nipple
urgrl21f	starts moving her hips with chet's massage of her thigh.
Mr.C moving my mouth to karens other nipple
Ms.K i reach down stroking chets cock
Mr.C my hands moving higher on grls thigh..
urgrl21f	presses her body forward again, and starts rubbing it slowly up and down chet's back.
Mr.C feeling karens hand
Ms.K feeling it harden in my hand
urgrl21f	feels her pebble-hard nipples pressing against chet's firm back.
Mr.C feeling grl on my back..
Mr.C her nipples so hard
Ms.K i sit on the edge of the tub and spread my legs invitingly
urgrl21f	slips her hands forward further, under chet's arms, to rub karen's silky smooth skin.
Mr.C i turn to grl..
Mr.C and take her by the hips
Mr.C and move her to the edge of the tub next to karen
urgrl21f	squeals with delight at chet's strong grip
Mr.C grl... whats your first name?
urgrl21f Well, Karen, looks like he has something in mind.
urgrl21f (Srry, my name's Sarah.)
Ms.K smiles
Mr.C sarah. i need to stay between karens legs for a few minutes.. can you tend to her breasts?
urgrl21f	looks at karen's breasts and nods, smiling.
Ms.K turns my breasts towards sara
urgrl21f I think I'll manage.
Mr.C and karen..
Mr.C can you help sara between her legs?
Mr.C moving karens hand there
urgrl21f	reaches her hands up and slowly starts caressing karen's breasts, starting with a gentle kneading motion.
urgrl21f	spreads her legs for Karen's hand
Mr.C as i move my head to karens thighs
Mr.C kissing my way down her stomach
Ms.K places my hand between saras legs
urgrl21f	lifts karen's breasts and moves them around, squeezing them gently.
Mr.C and to her thighs
Ms.K running my fingers up and her slit
urgrl21f	feels a tingle run through her as Karen touches her slit.
Mr.C my mouth gently sucking and biting your thighs
Ms.K up and down her slit
Mr.C i kneel in the tub
urgrl21f	lets Karen's breasts drop down a little and starts rubbing around Karen's nipples.
Mr.C and move my head closer to karens upper thighs
Ms.K grabs chets hair pulling his mouth to her pussy
Mr.C my hands moving to her waist
Mr.C and my tongue guides its way up your thighs
Ms.K leans over an kisses sara
urgrl21f	takes Karen's nipples between her forefinger and thumb and starts gently pulling them and twisting them, marveling at their beautiful size.
urgrl21f	kisses Karen back with an open mouth and a hungry tongue.
Ms.K moans feels so good
Mr.C my tongue.. quickly flicking your clit
Mr.C feeling it swell
Mr.C my teeth gently gripping it and pulling it
Ms.K i place my legs on chets shoulders
Mr.C and my tongue moving deep inside of you
Mr.C your legs on my shoulders
urgrl21f	continues to alternate between squeezing Karen's breasts and pulling her nipples, growing more forceful as time goes and ecstasy grows.
Mr.C allow my to explore you deep
Ms.K pushing my tongue into saras mouth
urgrl21f	invites your tongue in and explores your mouth at the same time.
Mr.C and i continue to lick karen
Mr.C i move my hand around saras waist, just to keep her close
Ms.K my pussy getting hot an wet
Mr.C and flick my tongue on her
urgrl21f Mmm, Karen, your fingers are good.... You must practice......
Mr.C my tognue as deep as i can get into you karen
Ms.K slide 2 fingers into sara
urgrl21f	squeezes Karen's breasts together, then pulls them apart, then pushes them up, then squeezes them back down again.
Mr.C as i move deeper
Ms.K sucking your tongue
Mr.C and my teeth clasp your clit
Ms.K oooo
urgrl21f	moans as Karen's fingers work their magic.
Mr.C pulling it with my teeth
Ms.K grinding my hips into chet
Mr.C i start to hum on karens clit
Mr.C letting the vibration tease her
Mr.C hummmm
urgrl21f nce again pulls Karen's nipples, further this time than before, and harder as Karen starts to get more and more out of control.
Ms.K my clit swollen an throbing
Mr.C feeling karen start to move out of control
Mr.C i pull her waist closer to my face
Ms.K moaning yesss
Mr.C yes sara. pull them
urgrl21f	clamps her mouth down on Karen again in mid moan.
Mr.C my mouth moves from karens clit..
Mr.C i look to her
Mr.C and say
Mr.C cum babe
Ms.K chet fuck me i want to feel you in me
urgrl21f Moan in my mouth, Karen....
Mr.C cum for sara and i
Mr.C not yet karen
urgrl21f	twists and pulls Karen's nipples...
urgrl21f Cum on Karen, for uss....
Mr.C my mouth starts to suck karens clit harder
Mr.C and deeper
Ms.K i start to shake all over
urgrl21f	moans huskily as she again notices the fingers inside her.
Mr.C yes.. cum for sarah
Mr.C as i feel you start to shake
Ms.K i scream as i cum yesss ohhhhh mmmmmmmmmmmmmm
Mr.C my teeth pull your clit
Mr.C i pull youor waist close to my face
Mr.C my tongue moves deeply in you karen
urgrl21f	wraps her arms around Karen and hugs her tightly, pressing her breasts against KAren's breasts.
Mr.C grinding you against me
Ms.K i can feel my juices running down my thigh
Mr.C sucking all your juices
Mr.C deep
Ms.K tears running down my cheeks mmmmmm
urgrl21f Mmm, that's right Karen, cum for us....
Mr.C pulling your hips so hard into my face
urgrl21f Oh, you're so beautiful...
Mr.C not letting anything to waste
Ms.K holding sara tight not wanting to let her go
Mr.C mmm..
Mr.C sucking you so deep
urgrl21f	gyrates her body slowly in a circle, rubbing herself all over Karen's chest and squeezing the breasts together, then pulls out of the hug slightly just to brush her hard nipples against Karen's hard nipples.
Mr.C feeling your orgasm start to subside..
Mr.C i move saras finger to your clit..
Mr.C to keep you going
urgrl21f Mmmm, yeah.
Mr.C rub it sara
Mr.C rub it
urgrl21f	starts fingering Karen's clit with one finger as she inserts another finger into Karen's slit.
Ms.K i lean back trying to catch my breathe
Mr.C i move my head away from karens pussy
Mr.C and start to explore sara with my tongue
Mr.C a delight just as nice
Mr.C my tongue finds a more swollen clit
urgrl21f	tries to bring Karen back to the edge by fingering her clit for forcefully, but still carefully because it's tender after that last orgasm.
urgrl21f Mmm, chet, I'm already ready and waiting for you...
Mr.C my tongue quickly and fleetingly flicks your clit
Ms.K i kneel between chets legs
Mr.C knowing you are near, even before i start
urgrl21f	catches her breath at the sensation of chet's tongue on her clit.
Ms.K grab chets cock and sucks him into my mouth
Mr.C i suck up all your juices as i do..
urgrl21f Oh my- mmmmmm!
Mr.C mm karen
Ms.K sucking him deeper an deeper into my mouth
Mr.C my hands move to your ass, massaging it
Mr.C in circles as i eat you
Mr.C feeling karens tongue
Mr.C my hands move around your hips
urgrl21f	manages to keep one hand stroking karen's clit as her other starts to rub her own breasts and tweak her own nipples.
Ms.K bobbing my mouth up an down his shaft
Mr.C my finger tips gently probe sara
Mr.C i pull karen gently by the hair and look at her
urgrl21f	spreads her legs wider, begging for the attention.
Mr.C this is not fair to sara..
Mr.C please suck her a bit..
Ms.K i look up at chet
Mr.C as my mouth moves back to her clit
Mr.C my teeth lock on her clit
Mr.C and pull it firmly towards me
urgrl21f Oooh!
urgrl21f I arch my back at the ecstasy.
Mr.C i then suck it deep into my mouth
Ms.K i go to sara an suck her breast into my mouth
Mr.C my tongue moving deep into her
Mr.C as i still nibble her clit
Ms.K flicking her nipple with my tongue
urgrl21f	breathes deeply and quickly, trying to remember where and who she is in the middle of such a sensation.
urgrl21f	thrusts her breasts slightly forward, into Karen's open mouth.
Mr.C almost owning them
Ms.K nibbling her nipple biting it gently
Mr.C my fingertips grazing the crack of her ass
Ms.K pulling it with my teeth
Mr.C sucking her deeply
Mr.C i look at karen.. and smile..
Mr.C and say to her..
urgrl21f Oh- oh yes! Chet... Karen... Oh my- Oooh!
Mr.C saras almost ready
Mr.C i can tell
Mr.C i move back to her pussy and start to eat her again
Mr.C i suck deeper
urgrl21f	bucks her hips wildly and unconciously, caught up in the sex.
Mr.C and start to hum on her.. letting her feel what karen did
Mr.C the vibrations
Mr.C the pleasure
Ms.K cupping her iti with my hand sucking harder
Mr.C hummmmm
urgrl21f ooooooooohhhhhhhh!
Mr.C sucking her so deep
Mr.C the sensations
urgrl21f Chet, let me cum, please let me cum!
Mr.C making sure she cums hard
Mr.C cum sara
Ms.K biting her nipple hard
Mr.C yes...
Mr.C flicking my tongue wildly on her
Mr.C looking up at karen, as i do
urgrl21f	barely notices her two fingers still inside Karen and moving as quickly as her own body.
Ms.K as i feel her body tensing
Mr.C and grinding her on my face
urgrl21f	lets the tension in her body reach the breaking point....
Mr.C allowing it
Mr.C yes..
Ms.K grinding on her fingers
urgrl21f OooooooooHhhhhhhhH!!!!!!
Mr.C and gently pulling her clit with my teeth one more time..
urgrl21f Here it cums!
Mr.C knowing this will send her over the edge
Ms.K yes cum sara
Mr.C cum sara..
urgrl21f	feels her cum start to pump out of her
Mr.C massaging your ass
Mr.C sucking your juices
Mr.C licking them all up
Ms.K licking your pink nipples
urgrl21f	feels her pussy muscles spasm a couple times as the tension escapes and she's filled with the glow of wonderful sex.
Mr.C mmm
Mr.C knowing sara is there..
Mr.C cum..
urgrl21f Yeeeeeeesssssssssssss!!!!!!!!
urgrl21f The cum is dripping down my thighs...
Mr.C looking at karen with a smile...
Mr.C as sara cums hard
Ms.K smiling at sara an chet
Ms.K your turn chet
urgrl21f	convulses a couple times as she cums, then relaxes,looks at chet, and smiles.
urgrl21f Yes, your turn.
Ms.K licks saras thigh wanting to taste her sweet nectar
urgrl21f Karen? Would you like the honor of his shaft, or shall I?
urgrl21f	rubs Karen's head between her legs.
Mr.C stay between her legs karen..
urgrl21f	keeps her legs spread and leans over to rest her head near chet's rock hard cock.
Ms.K i spread saras pussy lips with my fingers
Ms.K pushing my tongue into saras pussy
urgrl21f	licks chet's cockhead lightly a few times, wetting it with her saliva.
Mr.C i move behind karen, as she does
urgrl21f	Smiles happily...
urgrl21f Ahhh, a true love triangle....
Mr.C my hands move up and down karens back...
Ms.K flicking my tongue in an out of her pussy
urgrl21f umps her hips slightly against Karen's tongue as she massages chet's ass with her hands.
Ms.K thamn up her slit to her clit
Ms.K sucking her swollen clit
Mr.C mmm watching my ladies work
urgrl21f	licks the drop of precum from teh tip of chets cock, tastes it, then places her lips just around his cockhead and start to suck, hard.
Ms.K flicking it with my tongue
Mr.C letting sara suck me..
Mr.C i move my head to karens pussy again..
urgrl21f	tries to suck out chet's precum, opening his little penis slit with her tongue to make sure that nothing is left.
Mr.C and start to suck it..
Ms.K sucking the juices out of sara
urgrl21f	slowly moves her head down, then up on chet's shaft, then down and up again, down and up.
Mr.C karen,, you ready for me?
Mr.C flicking my tongue on karen again..
Ms.K my tongue entering her again
urgrl21f	trying to suck out chet's precum as much as karen sucks out my own
Ms.K spreading my legs
Mr.C i move and get up...
Ms.K getting excited again
Mr.C looking at sara
urgrl21f	sucks chet more and more, harder and harder..
Mr.C telling her, i will be back to her soon
Mr.C i move behind karen..
Ms.K my mouth wet with sara's nectar
urgrl21f	nods and starts to focus on herself again.
Mr.C my hands on her hips
Mr.C as i enter karen from behind..
urgrl21f	slips a hand between her legs to start rubbing her clit where Karen is eating her out.
Mr.C and i push in her very deep
Mr.C making sure i hit it each time
Ms.K i feel chets cock enter my asshole
Mr.C my thrust start to push against karens gspot
Mr.C your pussy...lol
Ms.K my asshole stretching and ripping
Ms.K you missed
Mr.C my hands moving around her breasts
urgrl21f	starts rubbing her breasts with her other hand as her first hand tries to slip a finger into her slit at the same time Karen's rongue is there.
Ms.K lol
Mr.C that where youwant it?
Mr.C as i move in and out of you deeply
Ms.K my pussy excepts your cock
Mr.C my shaft buried so deep in you
Ms.K yes it feels so good fuck me harder
Mr.C i push deeper
Mr.C and harder
urgrl21f Mmmmm, I can feel his pumps through your body, Karen.... Damn, it's erotic!
Ms.K grinding my ass into you
Mr.C my hands massaging your breasts
Mr.C as i push against your gspot
Ms.K i feel your hard cock throbbing deep in me feels so gooood
Mr.C as i pull you so close and hard
Mr.C i start to kiss your neck
Mr.C and bite
Mr.C it
Mr.C my hands move back down to your hips
urgrl21f	grows even more aroused as she hears chet's cock slamming in and out of Karen.
Ms.K i start to moan yesss
Mr.C i whisper in your ear ...
Mr.C karen.. cum.
Mr.C cum for me..
urgrl21f	slips two fingers into her slit as she rubs her clit with the base of her palm.
Mr.C as i drive harder and deeper
Ms.K cum in me chet please
Mr.C so deep
Mr.C and so hard
Mr.C my hands gently slap your ass with each thrust
urgrl21f	watches chet work, then stands up behind him and presses her body against him, kissing his neck ferociously.
Ms.K i tkae sara nipple in my mouth
Mr.C and i push so hard against your gspot
Ms.K i feel your balls slaping my ass
Mr.C feeling sara behind me..
Mr.C i drive even harder into karen
Mr.C and start to say louder..
Mr.C cum karen
Mr.C cum..
Ms.K i scream in orgasmic delight yessss mmmmmmm ohhhhhgodddd
urgrl21f	starts scratching her nails along chet's body, lightly but enough to be noticeable.
Mr.C cum for me
urgrl21f	whispers
Mr.C yes.. cum my little slut
Mr.C i feel sara's touch
Ms.K tensing my toe curled
urgrl21f I want you, Chet.... Oh, you have no idea how strong my desire is....
Mr.C and that arouses the sensitivity
urgrl21f	nibbles his earlobe.
Mr.C i whisper back to her..
Mr.C i must finish karen first
Ms.K i roll over satisfied an exhausted
Mr.C mmmm
urgrl21f	whispers again...
Mr.C youve been patient sara.. how do you want it?
urgrl21f Of course... Then, though, you must fuck me!
Mr.C and kiss her deeply
Mr.C i turn to her
urgrl21f	gets down on all fours and spreads her pussy with her hand
Mr.C letting karen relax a bit
urgrl21f Right in here, get my g-spot, chet.
Ms.K my pussy sore
Mr.C as sara and i share each other one on one
Mr.C and push in her so deep
Mr.C i move behind sara
Mr.C feeling the gspot at the tip of my cock..
Mr.C like that babe?
urgrl21f	bites her lower lip and groans loudly
urgrl21f Fuck, yeah!
Ms.K watching sara an chet
Mr.C i start moving in and out of her..
urgrl21f Mmmm!
Mr.C my hands on saras waist
Mr.C driving deeper and deeper
Mr.C intensely
urgrl21f	Arches her back, creating a beautiful curve with her breasts hanging firmly below her chest.
Mr.C knowing the areas to tease
urgrl21f Oh, yes!
Mr.C hands moving to her breasts
urgrl21f You're so good, Chet!
Mr.C pulling her nipples
Mr.C and so hard
Mr.C as i drive so deep
Mr.C kissing your back
Mr.C as i do
urgrl21f	thrusts her hips back against chet with every pump.
Mr.C my head nears your ears
Mr.C now cum for me sara
Mr.C cum my babe
Mr.C as i pump deeper
Mr.C and i whisper to you..
urgrl21f Don't stop, Chet! Stay inside me! Oh, yeah!
Mr.C you are great..
Mr.C stroking you harder and harder
Mr.C deeper
Mr.C and deeper
Mr.C looking at karen as i do..
Mr.C my fingers pulling your nipples
Mr.C tweaking them
urgrl21f Ohh, yessssss! I'm cumming, Chet! I'm cummingg!!!!
Mr.C i start driving harder
Mr.C and harder
Mr.C deeper
Mr.C feeling sara start to cum
Ms.K reachs behinh chet an starts to squeeze his balls as he fucks sara
Mr.C i start to drive so hard
Mr.C yes karen
urgrl21f	feels her entire body involved in the g-spot orgasm.
Mr.C driving sara so deep
Mr.C mmm..
Mr.C my cock so thick
Ms.K gently pulling an squeezing him
Mr.C whispering to karen.. talk to her karen
Mr.C talk to her
Mr.C as i pump sara..
urgrl21f	collapses under the weight of her own body as her orgasm ends and leaves her with cum once again dripping down her legs.
Mr.C teasing her gspot
Mr.C mmm
urgrl21f Now, I warned you I couldn't stay long, and we're already long, so we have to serve chet now before I go.
Mr.C looks at karen again
urgrl21f BTW, can I add you two as friends?
Mr.C sure
Ms.K chet i want you to cum
Ms.K yes
urgrl21f	starts stroking chet's member expertly, sliding her fingers along the length that is so lubed with her own juices.
Mr.C mmm...
Ms.K what do you want
Mr.C whatever you want karen..
urgrl21f	starts sucking on chet's balls as she strokes his length.
urgrl21f	rolls his sack around in her mouth.
Mr.C both of you..
Mr.C suck me..
Ms.K i kneel next to sara
urgrl21f	moves her hand so Karen can suck his member as she sucks his massive balls and sac.
Mr.C my hands to both of your pussy's
Mr.C fingering you both..
Ms.K i suck chet into my hot wet mouth
Mr.C yes...
Ms.K my lips clamped around his shaft
Mr.C mmm
Mr.C so hot..
urgrl21f	sucks first one ball into her mouth, then the other, alternating between the two as she licks them and feels them grow firm and less yielding.
Ms.K sucking him in and out
Ms.K as deep as i can take him
Mr.C driving me wild
Ms.K licking his shaft as his cock goes in
urgrl21f	starts rubbing his ass with a free hand, tracing circles around his asshole.
Mr.C i look up at you 2 and say..
Ms.K gently biting him
Mr.C i need to fuck you again..
urgrl21f	lightly scratches his ass and places another hand on his chest, holding him down.
Ms.K no cum in my mouth
urgrl21f If you get up, I have to leave. I can't stay any longer.
Mr.C i need to fuck one of you..
Ms.K bobbing my mouth up an down his cock hard an fast
Mr.C mmmm
Ms.K feeling his hard cock throbing in my mouth
Ms.K my tongur cicling the tip
Ms.K circling the tip
Mr.C yes
urgrl21f	Slowly, carefully, inserts one finger into his ass, and wiggles it around gently and carefully
Mr.C mmm
Mr.C ohh...
Ms.K sucking harder an deeper
Mr.C so nice..
Mr.C 2 ladies...
urgrl21f	lets her tongue slip up to the shaft every pump Karen makes away from his cock so that he can feel two tongue on his cock at once.
Mr.C yes... so close
Mr.C sara.. stroke my cock for karen.
urgrl21f Cum on, Chet! We came for you, now cum for us!
Ms.K cum chet i want to taste your cum
urgrl21f	strokes chet's cock quickly and smoothly
Mr.C starting to throb...
Mr.C mmm
Mr.C near the edge
Ms.K yesss
Ms.K sucking hard
Mr.C mmmm
urgrl21f	licks Karen's cheek, trying to arouse chet even more...
Mr.C oh yes sara..
Mr.C yes..
Ms.K my moth full with chets cock
urgrl21f	fondles chet's balls with the hand that's not stroking his shaft.
Ms.K mouth full
Mr.C i start to throb..
urgrl21f	licks Karen's neck, putting on a show of female sexuality for chet
Mr.C with that .. i start to cum..
Mr.C starting to shoot my cum..
Ms.K i feel chets hot cum shooting into my mouth mmmmmmm
urgrl21f	quickly positions her mouth below Karen's to catch any cum she misses or that drips out of her mouth.
Mr.C mmm...
Mr.C let sara have some
Mr.C cumming so hard
Ms.K i swallow as fast as i can my mouth filling with his cum
Mr.C mmmmm
Mr.C yes
urgrl21f	licks the corner of Karen's mouth, then kisses her with an open mouth to take some of chet's cum, which is still spurting out all over the back of her head.
Ms.K dripping out of the sides of my mouth
Mr.C very nice...
urgrl21f	moves her mouth to the source and tries to suck out any remaining cum.
Ms.K kisses sara sharing chets cum
Mr.C as i start to collapse
Mr.C very nice ladies
urgrl21f	stands up, her naked body glistening with the sweat that clings to it.
Mr.C stands up too..
Mr.C helps karen up
urgrl21f	smiles, the cum evident in her mouth
Ms.K thanks sara chet will do this again some time ok
urgrl21f Thanks chet, Thanks Karen.
urgrl21f We *gotta* do this again sometime.
Mr.C ok karen.. was fun
Mr.C was fun sara..
urgrl21f later, you two.
Mr.C nite ladies..
urgrl21f 'nite, chet.
Mr.C lol
Ms.K nite chet sara