Mr.J hey stranger, long time no see
Mr.J good
Mr.J been hoping to see you
Mr.J wants to be on your site
Mr.J BADDDDDDDDD
Mr.J been there a few times
Mr.J likes the incest one
Mr.J is that bad?
Mr.J true
Mr.J yes baby
Mr.J what role play do you want?
Mr.J yes
Mr.J brother sister
Mr.J or mother son>?
Mr.J ok
Mr.J you come home
Mr.J I am in the bathroom
Mr.J jacking off
Mr.J looking at a playboy
Mr.J and you bust me
Mr.J what are you doing home early?
Mr.J you are not suppose to be home for hours
Mr.J (trying to hide my cock with the magazine)
Mr.J well, to be honest since you caught me
Mr.J I was masturbating...........
Mr.J feels good
Mr.J and dont look at me like that
Mr.J I have seen you with tommy in the shed before
Mr.J I know that you know what I was doing Sarah
Mr.J saw you with tommy last week
Mr.J saw you stroking his cock
Mr.J telling him
Mr.J that you wanted to make it spit
Mr.J (stands up)
Mr.J see Sarah, I am even bigger than tommy is
Mr.J wanted to Sarah, was stroking my cock watching you with him
Mr.J you are very good looking, you have grown up in all the right places too
Mr.J (takes your hand and places it on my hard cock)
Mr.J you like that feeling Sarah.......that hard cock in your little hand........
Mr.J (runs my hand over your thin top, feeling your breasts)
Mr.J these feel good in my hands Sarah........lets go to mom and dad's room..............
Mr.J (takes you by the hand)
Mr.J look at what I found Sarah, (takes out a porno and puts it int he vcr, hits play)
Mr.J mom and dad play this game, they call it, "lets do what they do" wanna play it with me?
Mr.J grips your top and pulls it off of your body, over your shoulders and arms........
Mr.J hands go behind you and fumbles with your bra, letting your hard breasts out........
Mr.J ohhhhhhhh sisssssssss
Mr.J cups your breast with one hand as the other one takes the zipper down on your skirt
Mr.J no Sarah, please do
Mr.J takes the zipper down
Mr.J letting it fall on the floor
Mr.J hands go to your little panties......feeling the material.....feeling how wet your slit is........
Mr.J hands move to take the panties off of you, smelling your sex in the air. cock twiches under your touch.........
Mr.J oh Sarah, that feels so good the way you touch me.......
Mr.J bends down and sucks your left nipple in my mouth, finding my hands caressing your soft and wet folds, hearing the sounds of fucking coming from the television
Mr.J sucking and sucking on you, finding your slit and rubbing it up and down, kissing your breast, oh Sarah, you taste so good...........
Mr.J yes Sarah
Mr.J lets get on the bed........
Mr.J mmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
Mr.J wants to taste you Sarah
Mr.J you smell so good...........
Mr.J gets on the bed with you
Mr.J gets between your legs
Mr.J let me lick you Sarah
Mr.J yes Sarah, wants that
Mr.J oh sarah........
Mr.J moving my mouth to your swollen and closed lips
Mr.J lapping at them, tasting your sweet cream
Mr.J wiggling it as it goes in
Mr.J sticking out my tounge and pushing it in your lips
Mr.J yes sarah, feels your body move to my mouth
Mr.J pushing my tounge inside of my little sisters pussy.......
Mr.J wiggling and pushing it in your slit
Mr.J feeling it open up to your big brother
Mr.J letting your hot clear juices spill out of your pussy
Mr.J and cover my lips and mouth
Mr.J oh sarah, so sweet
Mr.J pushing my tounge deep in your pussy
Mr.J pushing it inside of you
Mr.J harder, deeper, faster, that is it baby, yes, that is it, oh sarah, your mouth feels so good on my cock
Mr.J wiggling my tounge, pushing it in and out of your pussy
Mr.J feeling your mouth on my cock, tounge working the shaft.....oh sarah, oh yesssssssssssss
Mr.J (stroking there baby?)
Mr.J oh yesssss baby, stroking so good
Mr.J pushing my tounge deeper and deeper in sara's pussy
Mr.J wiggling it all around
Mr.J the sounds of fucking grow louder on the television
Mr.J oh sara................
Mr.J licking and lapping at your pussy
Mr.J feeling you take my cock, as deep in your mouth as you can
Mr.J (you ready to cum baby?)
Mr.J wants to put my cock in you sara........
Mr.J you stroke while your big brother takes your tight pussy sis.......
Mr.J watches you lay back on the bed
Mr.J spreading your legs
Mr.J moving between them, looking at my little sis sara......oh yesssssssss
Mr.J been wanting this ever since I saw you with tommy sara......
Mr.J was stroking my cock as you stroked him sis........
Mr.J now you get my cock.............
Mr.J takes my cock in my hand and rubs it on your swollen and open pussy lips
Mr.J getting the cockhead all wet with your juices
Mr.J watching you stroking your clit
Mr.J feeling it grow hard in your hand
Mr.J taking my cock, putting the little slit over your clit
Mr.J and massaging it, feeling the slit open up and stroke your clit.........
Mr.J rubbing and rubbing the clit
Mr.J watching you move against my cock
Mr.J watching your nipples grow harder
Mr.J seeing your eyes
Mr.J your face
Mr.J knowing you love this feeling
Mr.J as you feel my cockhead split your lips.....wanting inside of you sara.......
Mr.J feeds you the head of my cock
Mr.J feeding your pussy
Mr.J watching you as you see my cock going in your pussy
Mr.J yes sis I am
Mr.J and THRUSTS my cock all the way in you
Mr.J pushing it all the way in you
Mr.J holding your body next to mine
Mr.J yessssssssss
Mr.J oh sarah yesssssssssssssssss
Mr.J grinding in you
Mr.J feeding you my cock
Mr.J feeling your hard nipples against my chest
Mr.J yes sarah, that is it, move with me
Mr.J moving my mouth down, taking your nipple in my mouth as my cock pumps your tight pussy
Mr.J that is it baby, do it, move with me, feel my cock in you
Mr.J pump those fingers baby
Mr.J like it was my cock
Mr.J and cum for me
Mr.J cover my cock
Mr.J do it baby, do it, cum for me
Mr.J feel my cock in you
Mr.J holding you
Mr.J hands go under your body
Mr.J and grip your shoulders
Mr.J and drive my cock in you
Mr.J over and over and over again
Mr.J yessssssssssssssssssss
Mr.J pumping, long slow strokes with my cock
Mr.J letting the tip of my shaft go deep in your pussy
Mr.J rubbing that special spot so deep inside of you
Mr.J massaging it, making small moves with my hips
Mr.J rubbing it
Mr.J feeling your body move
Mr.J feeling your pussy get so tight
Mr.J that is it baby
Mr.J give it to me, soak my cock baby
Mr.J that is it
Mr.J you cum baby?
Mr.J save this one baby
Mr.J will cum for you next time lover
Mr.J smiles
Mr.J now get
Mr.J you too baby